MATT: Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's
episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us
nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play
Dungeons & Dragons. Welcome. Before we get started
tonight, we're going to get through some quick
announcements. First and foremost, we have two
sponsors tonight. Number one, our fresh sponsor
for the evening is the fantastic upcoming film by
the fantastic, glorious Guillermo del Toro,
Pacific Rim. Uprising.
TRAVIS: I got that! Pacific Rim Uprising. It's
going to be in theaters, RealD 3D, and IMAX
tomorrow, Friday, March 23rd. My wife and I, we
original Gipsy Danger fans, I'm just saying, I'm
just going to put it out there, that's what we
represent at the house.
LAURA: We're big fans.
TRAVIS: I'm telling you. You can get tickets now
at PacificRimTickets.com. The movie takes place
ten years after the first film. A mysterious
organization has reopened the breach for the
Kaiju, and a Jaeger has gone rogue. It is up to
John Boyega and his sweet 'stache, and his
character, Jake Pentecost, to fight back and
prevent humanity's extinction. It is out tomorrow.
MATT: How could you not be more badass than
playing the son of Idris Elba?
TRAVIS: I'm telling you, man. I just want one of those
outfits. I just want a Jaeger pilot outfit formed
specifically to my body.
MATT: So if you work in the effects team for
Pacific Rim, and have an extra suit lying around,
please send them to P.O.-- no.
TRAVIS: Yeah! I'll work it into the story!
LAURA: Then a little Kaiju cosplay for Charlie,
because we were saying Charlie was a Kaiju level
negative three, or something?
TRAVIS: He destroys nothing except carpets with
his pee. Pacific Rim Uprising, tomorrow night, go
see it, because I got my tickets.
MATT: There you go. And of course, our fantastic
returning sponsor for the season, our friends at
D&D Beyond. For those of you who haven't checked
that out, D&D Beyond, it's awesome, they allow you
to do all your stuff online for your D&D campaign,
your character. Sam, do you have something to say
about that?
SAM: For this week's D&D Beyond spot, I wrote a
hilarious skit for me and Ashley to perform
together, but she's not here. Instead, I'm going
to soldier on without her in the spirit of
showmanship. Hey Ashley, guess what I'm thinking
right now?
(silence)
SAM: Well hey, there's no need for that language.
Listen, I was thinking how useful D&D Beyond is
for tracking your stats. For instance, did you
see all the new races in fifth edition?
(silence)
SAM: Aasimar, I hardly knew her!
It would be way better if she were here.
Hey, I've got one. How many
tortles does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
(silence)
SAM: (laughs) Exactly.
Hey guys, the promo code from
last week, InvisibleWand, is still active for 25%
off any purchase from the D&D Beyond store. But
Ash, why don't you tell them the secret other
promo code that unlocks everything on the site for
free?
(silence)
SAM: Boy, I hope they wrote that one down. Also, any
legendary bundle owners who purchased prior to
Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes can apply the same
code to the new book. Ashley, Mordenkainen: Am I
pronouncing that right?
(silence)
SAM: Well, I don't know why you had to bring
my mom into this, but whatever.
Anyway, on behalf of D&D Beyond, I'm Sam Riegel!
(silence)
SAM: And, as always, the motto of D&D Beyond is?
SAM: That's the one. Thanks, everybody.
MATT: Thank you, Sam, and thank you, Ashley.
TRAVIS: I don't know if it could've been better.
SAM: Ashley's parts filled in the gaps.
LIAM: Oh man, Emmy-nominated, ladies and
gentlemen.
MATT: I know, freshly Emmy-nominated, Sam.
LAURA: Congratulations, Sam.
MARISHA: You have that new Emmy smell.
SAM: I do.
MATT: A couple other things. One, we are saying
goodbye tonight to a dear friend, our fantastic
director of photography here on the program for a
long time, Selena Ruth, she is moving on to much
better pastures. We give all the love, and share
love as well for the wonderful journey that's
before her. Thank you! You're amazing!
TRAVIS: I love your tattoos! (sobs)
MATT: You made Travis cry. Good luck, and super
excited for you. Reminder, Twitch Prime, if you
have Amazon Prime, and you can connect your
account from Amazon Prime to Twitch Prime, and for
free, every month, you get to subscribe to one Twitch
stream for free, which you can do for here.
TRAVIS: Every month?
MATT: Every month!
TRAVIS: Wow!
MATT: Yeah, it's incredible! If you haven't done
so, check it out! It costs you nothing and it's an
extra click. Those who may have been here
earlier might have seen we have the Critical Role
recaps, so if you need a refresher for campaign
two, the first ten episodes of the new campaign in
Critical Role are now available on YouTube as the
Critical Role Recap, hosted by our beloved Dani
Carr, who is a longtime OG Critter, now member of
this crazy team, and the person who, if you didn't
know, originated the term, "Is it Thursday yet?"
LAURA: Did she really?
MATT: Yeah, that was her. That was Dani.
LAURA: That's awesome!
MARISHA: That's 100% true. She put it on her
resume when she applied here, and I was super
appreciative of it.
TRAVIS: Hard to say no to that.
MARISHA: Yeah.
MATT: So check it out! Because Dani is awesome.
Talks Machina, of course, is every Tuesday evening
at 7:00pm Pacific, hosted by our fantastic
Branredabafurser. That's for you guys.
TRAVIS: Yes! And the best name yet!
MATT: Take that gift with you. No, but seriously,
Brian's awesome. He hosts and talks about the
episode that previously happened, so tune in next
Tuesday to see about this episode, and whoever
else that guests onto it then!
LAURA: I'm sorry, Matt. I'm sorry, we love you.
MATT: It's okay, it's fine.
LIAM, MATT, and TRAVIS: Oh, hello!
MARISHA: Episode one callback!
LIAM: Sorry, spoilers, sorry.
MATT: Liam, stop it. Podcast of last week's
episode, episode ten, is available for download
where all fine podcasts are downloadable, so if
you have friends who are in the audio-only version
of the campaign or you want to listen to it while
you're on your commute, it's available for
download now.
TRAVIS: It sounds so good, much like an audio
orgasm, just saying. Crisp!
MATT: There you go. This weekend is WonderCon! In
Anaheim.
MARISHA: My goodness gracious.
MATT: We're all going to be down there Sunday at
WonderCon for a Critical Role panel in the Arena,
same area as last year. Let's see if we can pack
it full of Critters again! That'll be 11:30am on
Sunday in the Arena at WonderCon. We hope to see
you guys there, bring some fun burning questions,
and be prepared for the ridiculousness of most of
us, but mainly Sam.
SAM: What?
MARISHA: I'm going to be there on Saturday!
MATT: That's right! We have the--
MARISHA: We have the Sagas of Sundry panel, in
room 300B, at 2:00pm I think? Somewhere around
there. Then after that we have the Women in Pop
Culture panel.
TALIESIN: Before all that, I'm going to be talking
about comic books in that same room at the
Wednesday Club.
MARISHA: Everything is happening in 300B.
MATT: So if you're going to be at Wondercon, come
hang out. That's basically what we're saying. Awesome. In
convention news, C2E2 is coming up in just a few
weeks in Chicago! We're going to be there for
Saturday and Sunday, that's April 7th and 8th, so
make sure you get tickets. You can buy tickets at
c2e2.com! We'll have signings, panels and fun
stuff, so come say hello, please, if you're in the
area. Let's see. Issue five of Vox Machina
Origins, the comic book, still out. If you haven't
had a chance to pick it up I recommend it! Is
there any new updates to merch, Laura?
LAURA: Oh, just that there's merch in there. Oh,
the CR shirts that everybody loved, our throwback
shirts, those sold out the first night. But it's
okay, you guys! Because we're accepting backorders
right now. So that's still available in the store.
I know, right?
SAM: They only printed three.
LAURA: Well.
SAM: One small, one medium, one large.
LAURA: We just didn't think anybody would buy
them.
TRAVIS: Taliesin and I can't sew that fast, okay?
LAURA: Letting you know that if you order them,
it says it on the website, but you can check it
out, it says they're going to ship in a couple
weeks, depending on when they get printed again.
Just know that if you order them there's a little
bit of a delay, but it's fine, you can still get
it. Put it in now, that way you can be sure you're
getting it this time.
MATT: Cool. Thank you, Laura. Once again, our
fantastic charity, 826, and 826LA, and all the
other 826 chapters out there, they do fantastic
work with underprivileged kids and teens in
creative writing, they have great classes and
tutoring programs. If you have the opportunity to
donate either some money or your time, if you want
to volunteer as well, highly recommend it. Please
look into it. They're awesome folks. Thank you,
guys. Let's see, last but not least, a quick
retooling that I'll be at Otafest in Calgary, up
in Canada, May 18th to the 20th, and A-Kon in
Texas June 7th through 10th, so come to either of
those events if you can to say hello, I'd love to
hang out. I believe that's it! We cruised through
those as fast as we can!
LAURA: Oh god, that was fast.
MATT: Without further ado, unless there are any
complaints, let's jump in to tonight's episode of
Critical Role!
[click, TV static]
[groovy Critical Role theme]
MATT: Welcome back. Last we left off, The Mighty
Nein, the intrepid adventurers, had completed
their task they had achieved from the King's Hall
Taskboard to eliminate this spider scourge that
had seemingly clogged up a portion of the sewers,
discovered a subtle passage into the more upper
class elements of the city, managed to extract
some information from an individual they had saved
from the webbing there, got your reward for it,
had a conversation with Ulog of the Knights of
Requital, who had discussed interest in possibly
bringing you in for some endeavor.
SAM: What's his name?
LAURA: Ulog.
MATT: Ulog. You had also, as the evening
progressed, finished your night checking out the
Evening Nip, a tavern that seemed extremely shady.
Having some piss-poor ale, you had just exited the
exterior of the tavern's location, out into the
midnight evening air of Zadash, still a bit
bruised and beaten from the battle earlier in the
day, but eager to continue with what your next
endeavor is. Mighty Nein, what would you like to
do?
TRAVIS and MARISHA: Nein!
LAURA: I'm tired. This was a long day. Are you
guys going to keep drinking?
TRAVIS: Well, not in that fucking place, shit!
Somewhere better.
MARISHA: Are we making our way back?
TRAVIS: Yeah, I think so.
MARISHA: Okay, let's go back.
LAURA: Going to just drink at the Leaky Tap.
SAM: Or just go to sleep.
LAURA: I guess we won't sleep at the fancy place
tonight.
SAM: It seems like it's too much work.
TALIESIN: Bit of a pain in the ass.
LAURA: It's a pain in the butt.
SAM: Also, was there anything special about the
room?
LAURA: Nope, it was just kind of fancy.
SAM: Just a bed?
LAURA: Mm-hmm.
SAM: No treats or anything?
LAURA: There was a minibar, but I think you had to
pay a lot of gold for each little thing of it.
TRAVIS: Probably one of those ones, too, where you
pick it up and it fucking automatically charges
you. Dicks.
SAM: Magic.
MARISHA: Is that a thing?
TRAVIS: Yeah, they're little seals, little arcane
seals underneath it. You pick it up and try to put
it back, but the seal's gone.
MARISHA: The greed of the Crown, man.
TRAVIS: Yep.
MATT: As the evening rainfall begins to fall a
bit harder, from a soft drizzle to a decent
pour, you hear the distant rolling and crackling
of thunder, as a storm front has slowly brought
its way in as the night has progressed.
LAURA: Hey! It's like we don't even have to bathe,
now.
MARISHA: I love the rain.
TRAVIS: You know, if we're just going back-- Pumat
Sol, what was the name of his spot?
MARISHA AND LAURA: It was--
SAM: A soul asylum?
TRAVIS: No, it wasn't.
SAM: That could've been a cool name, though.
LIAM: Invulnerable Vagrant.
TRAVIS: Oh, yeah. How far away is the Invulnerable
Vagrant?
MATT: From where you are now, exiting the Evening
Nip, it's maybe a 20-minute, 30-minute walk to the
middle of the Pentamarket.
TRAVIS: Is it late evening, like pre-midnight,
or?
MATT: It's pretty late evening, it's pushing on
midnight, yeah.
TRAVIS: You know what, never mind, I'll do it
another day.
LAURA: Should we go to sleep?
MARISHA: Let's go to sleep.
TALIESIN: Sleep, yes.
MATT: You guys make your way back to the Leaky
Tap, heading up to your rooms, and eventually find
yourselves falling to sleep. However, the distant
thunder rolls continue to quake the muffled
interior of the rooms you're at, the lightning
strikes flashing through the rooms that have a
respective window, and the heavy impacts causing
you to wake up in the middle of the evening at
times with a restless bit of sleep. A faint drip of wayward
rain seems to have collected and found its way
through the roof of Beau and Jester's room, and
the pattering in the corner of this small,
building puddle causes you to frustratingly go
and collect it, find something to at least keep it
from making that noise throughout the evening.
LAURA: We should fold up a blanket and put it
under there, it muffles the noise.
MARISHA: Okay, that's a good idea. I hate ticking,
or repetitive noises. That's so obnoxious.
LAURA: Like (tapping).
MARISHA: That. Exactly like that.
LAURA: Or like, (clicking).
MARISHA: That counts as well.
LAURA: Yeah, I bet that would be annoying if you
didn't like it.
MARISHA: Yeah.
LAURA: What about, like, (squeaking noises).
LIAM: Keep going.
MARISHA: The same umbrella category, yeah.
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: As you guys are having this conversation--
SAM: That's a conversation?
MATT: Loosely. By definition.
MARISHA: We just woke up, we're real tired, okay?
MATT: Mid-wee hours of the morning, you catch a
quick glance at Yasha staring out the window at
the storm, quietly sitting on the floor.
MARISHA: Jesus.
LAURA: Yasha.
MATT: She glances over. "Yeah?"
LAURA: I didn't even know you were in the room
with us!
MARISHA: You're super spooky at night, you know
that?
MATT: "Yeah, I get that."
MARISHA: You're a little pale, so you have this
ghostly quality to you. I don't know why I'm whispering.
LAURA: Yeah, we're all awake.
MARISHA: We're all awake now.
LAURA: I sit down next to her and I show her some
of my drawings to the Traveler that I did before I
went to bed. Look, Yasha, it's rat balloons. I
show her a little drawing I did.
SAM: They really are rat balloons.
LAURA: Little rat balloons, and one of them
exploding with poison coming out of it.
MATT: You see a hint of a smile at the edge of her
lips, and she gives a nod. "That's pretty good. I
could never draw."
LAURA: No? Do you want me to draw you right now?
I'll do it, okay!
MATT: You see her pull back a bit. Another flash,
a nearby bolt causes the sky to light up. Yasha's
unfazed, and her attention shifts back to the
glass of the window again, a brief moment of
trance-like attention before, "You should try to
sleep."
LAURA: Okay.
MARISHA: You all right?
MATT: She gives a nod and sits back down, closes
her eyes, still sitting in a meditative position
on the ground.
LAURA: I draw her lit up by the lightning and then
I go to sleep.
MATT: Okay. Eventually, you all come to
consciousness again, sore from the action of the
previous day, but the daylight greets you, muddled
as it is from the darkened grey raining skies that
greet you. The thunderstorm is still passing
through, and a quick glance out through the window
into the main thoroughfare, you can see the
streets are muddied, and in some places gathered
into small pools and flooded puddles, but Yasha is
gone.
MARISHA: Maybe she was a ghost the whole time!
LAURA: Maybe the lightning exploded her.
MARISHA: That's heavy metal.
LAURA: Yeah. Maybe she wandered out into the rain
and lost her memory.
MARISHA: That's a possibility.
SAM: Does that happen?
LAURA: Doesn't it?
LAURA: It seems possible.
SAM: I knew I didn't like the water.
MARISHA: She probably just took off to handle some
Yasha business, right, though?
LAURA: Probably. We should ask Molly.
MARISHA: We'll ask Molly.
TRAVIS: Are we still in our rooms, or are we
downstairs?
MATT: That's up to you guys.
SAM: Downstairs.
MARISHA: We go downstairs.
LAURA: Yeah.
MATT: You all gather in the main area.
SAM: I just came to borrow some butter. I was
making something in my room.
LIAM: I got up early to use a ritual to bring
Frumpkin back, I have enough supplies to bring
Frumpkin back one time.
MATT: Easy enough to do.
LAURA: What are your hit points this time?
LIAM: I'm not here. Oh, let's find out.
LAURA: Yeah, I want to know.
LIAM: That's a three.
MARISHA: That's better!
MATT: That is better.
LAURA: That's at least two kicks.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: (boom) (exhale) Damn it.
MATT: You guys gather back in the tavern
downstairs. You slept in a little, pushing like
nine or ten at this point, but it is still gray
and rainy outside. You can see carts making their
way through the mud, some getting stuck and having
to pull through, the beasts of burden trying to
make their way through. The tavern interior is
fairly light, not a lot of people in there, a few
folks that are rushing through to grab a quick
bite and leaving or having a drink in the face of
a rather dreary day. But the room is yours. What
do you wish to do?
LAURA: I'm eating a carrot, you guys figure it
out.
SAM: Did they say they had more jobs for us to
do?
TRAVIS: I believe they said there would be more, I
mean, we don't really have anything until this
evening, remember there's that meeting that we
have.
SAM: Where is the meeting?
TRAVIS: It's going to take place in the cellar.
SAM: Do we have a plan for how we're going to--
what if they're taking you downstairs to ritually
sacrifice you, or something?
TRAVIS: You guys are going to join this time.
SAM: We're all going?
TRAVIS: Well, you don't all have to come. Some can
stay above. I just wanted to put the invite out there.
MARISHA: We were talking about a couple people
watching out front, right?
LAURA: I will watch. I'm really good at keeping
watch.
LIAM: I will go with you, and Frumpkin will go
with you.
SAM: Oh, so I'm going in to the belly of the
beast? Sure. I'll disguise myself! I'll be just
like Fjord. They'll think it's Fjord down there!
TRAVIS: You know, I wanted to talk to you about
your Fjord disguise. It is just a little obvious.
LAURA: It's really good.
TALIESIN: Too good.
LIAM: Honestly, it's very cute.
LAURA: You look just like him only slightly
shorter.
SAM: That's the first time I've ever done that
spell. I was very impressed with myself.
TRAVIS: I would want to see what your range was,
in case you wanted to, I don't know, perhaps mimic
one of our other companions.
TALIESIN: A total stranger would also be very
useful.
MARISHA: Someone from your deepest imagination.
TALIESIN: Someone short.
SAM: See, that's too many options, when you can
appear to look like anything! I need to focus! If
I get lost in thinking, "What nose should I have?
Bulbous, pointy, or patrician nose?" That could
take hours to decide!
TALIESIN: Right there, patrician! That's perfectly
fair right there.
SAM: So a patrician nose?
TALIESIN: Yes! See? One problem already solved.
SAM: What kind of eyes? What color? Blue, black,
brown, green?
MARISHA: Green's pretty.
TRAVIS: Maybe just one of them. Maybe you've got a
patch over the other.
TALIESIN: That's too many new options.
SAM: A patch on one eye? What else do I have?
MARISHA: Maybe you have a cleft chin.
LAURA: Ooh, yes, butt chin! Those are always good!
Ooh yes, and give yourself red hair.
SAM: Red hair, green eyes, big patrician nose,
cleft chin--
LIAM: We're getting into Mr. Potato Head
territory. I think maybe a simple halfling woman.
LAURA: With red hair and a big patrician nose--
TRAVIS: Bald on top and red hair on the sides.
MARISHA: Yeah. And very curly!
SAM: All right.
LIAM: They are pulling your leg.
TRAVIS: Overalls with polka dots and a real big
bow tie. And shoes bigger than you should be wearing!
SAM: I feel like you're describing a specific
person.
TRAVIS: No! Not at all!
(laughter)
LAURA: Ooh, that sounds really attractive.
TRAVIS: Just mull it over. Add it to your--
SAM: I'll think about that one.
TRAVIS: You're rolling your mind's Rolodex.
TALIESIN: This is going to pay off at some point
in the future.
LAURA: Molly.
TALIESIN: Yes?
LAURA: Yasha's gone.
TALIESIN: Did Yasha take off?
MARISHA: Yeah, she did that thing again.
LAURA: She was staring at the storm, and then she
went away.
MARISHA: Does she sleep?
TALIESIN: Well, yeah, she sleeps.
MARISHA: She's a little creepy. In like, a hot
way, but a little creepy.
LAURA: Like in a protector, I felt safe when she
was standing watch sort of way.
MARISHA: Yeah, kind of.
TALIESIN: Yeah, she does that.
MARISHA: It's very mysterious.
TALIESIN: She's good. She's just got some personal
issues that's she's going through.
LIAM: It's hard to get a bead on her because she
always takes up and leaves.
TALIESIN: It takes time.
MARISHA: I mean, we all have personal issues.
TALIESIN: I assure you; she's worth it. She'll be
back in her own time.
SAM: You seem normal.
MARISHA: Who? You?
SAM: All of us.
MARISHA: Us?
LAURA: We're very normal!
SAM: Sure!
TALIESIN: Are you sure?
LAURA: I mean, you're weird. We already
established that.
TALIESIN: Yeah, no, please, let's not start
calling names!
LIAM: Yes, Jester, also you have a very nice
personality, but it is a big one.
LAURA: What does that have to do with anything?
LIAM: Well, just what you were just talking
about.
SAM: He didn't mean it like that. Sometimes he's
very honest with people.
MARISHA: Yeah. It did seem very pointed and
targeted.
LIAM: That's because I was speaking to you,
Jester, sitting in front of me! You made the windows--
LAURA: I use Thaumaturgy to open all the windows
like this!
MATT: They all slam open loudly! Wind and rain
begins to suddenly pour in from the side, from the
wind blowing it through. All of a sudden, the few
folks that are in there freak out.
LAURA: Oh, this storm is so crazy!
MATT: (wind howling)
TALIESIN: Thaumaturgy to close the windows,
maybe?
MARISHA: See, I'm having a hard time myself
getting through to Caleb, so I feel like it's hard
for an asshole to teach an asshole.
TRAVIS: Sometimes having a pupil teaches you
something about yourself. Just saying.
MARISHA: I should punch him in the face?
TRAVIS: Give it a shot.
LIAM: I am sitting right next to you.
MARISHA: I was having a side conversation!
LIAM: It's a small room.
TALIESIN: This is terrifying, but I think the
three most even-keel, normal of us should go to
the meeting. I don't think that the three of us
necessarily would be appropriate company.
LAURA: We might stand out a little too much. It
would be easy to recognize us as part of a meeting
like that. You're green, but mostly you look
pretty normal outside of that.
TRAVIS: Thanks, Jester. I appreciate that.
LIAM: We'll switch it around, then? Maybe Nott,
you go with Jester. You stay up top, and I will go
to this meeting. Frumpkin will stay with you.
SAM: Sure. Yes.
TALIESIN: This works for me.
TRAVIS: You're not going to do the cloudy-eye
thing when you're down in the meeting though, right?
LIAM: No, because I wouldn't be able to hear what
they are saying or know what they look like. This
one said she wants to punch me in the head. I
don't want that to happen.
TRAVIS: You go all static channel on us, we might
be in deep shit.
MARISHA: You can learn a lot of things from being
punched in the face.
LIAM: I have done that.
LAURA: What do you want to do when we're supposed
to be keeping watch?
TALIESIN: I don't know. There's so many options!
LAURA: We could find a candy store.
TALIESIN: Are there any candy stores? There are
stores that specifically sell candy?
LAURA: There were in Nicodranas.
LIAM: Are we talking about drugs again?
TALIESIN: We could be.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: Never mind, you have a meeting to go to.
The rest of us are going to have some fun.
TRAVIS: That's not until this evening, right?
MATT: Yeah, it's an evening meeting.
LAURA: Did you want to go see Enchanter Pumat Sol?
TRAVIS: Yeah, I do. I enjoyed his company so much
last time. Feel like we've got a little more coin
to spend, might be smart to stock up on items.
MARISHA: Maybe we can also take the day to ask
around and get a little bit more of a bead on the
opinions of the locals on the current political
climate.
LAURA: I have to return my key to the Pillow
Trove.
TRAVIS: Why?
LAURA: Because I have a key to The Pillow Trove.
They're going to keep charging me a room until I
give it back.
TRAVIS: Oh. Thought your mom was going to pay for
it.
TALIESIN: That's assuming the money shows up in
time.
TRAVIS: Oh, good point.
LAURA: Well, yes. Eventually she will pay for it.
I don't want to waste all of the money she sends
on paying for the room, you know?
TRAVIS: That's very smart of you, Jester.
LAURA: I'm trying to be smarter.
TRAVIS: Should we set out to our various tasks,
then?
MARISHA: You're very smart, Jester.
LAURA: Thank you, Beau.
LIAM: I will tag along with you again, because I
still have--
LAURA: Because now you have a fancy coat!
LIAM: Well, it's functional.
MATT: Do you all divide into your various
endeavors?
SAM: Sure. To the fancy place?
LIAM: No, you go to Pumat's, I think. I don't
know. I just haven't split up with you a lot lately.
TRAVIS: I'm going to the Invulnerable Vagrant!
TALIESIN: I have not actually seen this Pumat, so
I would love to actually take a look.
TRAVIS: Yeah! You will love him.
LAURA: Oh! He's so wonderful.
LIAM: You and me.
SAM: I'm coming with you, Fjord.
TRAVIS: Oh, that's three! Do I hear four? Four?
Four? (speeds into auction chant)
(laughter)
TRAVIS: That's my auctioneer!
MARISHA: Are you going?
LIAM: No, I am going with Jester to this fancy
place.
MARISHA: You're going to the fancy place.
TALIESIN: Or with us, we're going to go shopping.
SAM: Unless you want to go with your protégé
there.
MARISHA: He's going with Jester. Yeah, I'll go
with you guys.
LAURA: That's our new bodyguard.
LIAM: You are the muscle. She's the muscle. You
guys are the muscle. I am not the muscle.
MATT: As you guys divide into your two separate
groups, scattering this side, these three heading
over towards the Tri-Spire. The other three of you
guys are heading towards the Pentamarket.
TRAVIS: Can I grab my Mariner's studded leather
armor out of my room and bring it with?
MATT: You may.
MARISHA: Along the way, can I look for a tailor?
MATT: Sure! Make an investigation check. What kind
of tailor are you looking for, a standard clothing tailor?
MARISHA: Fucking balls. Seven. Someone who can sew
me a custom coat, a cloak, or add a lining to
something like that.
LIAM: I could take you back to where I bought this
cloak yesterday, if you want to go there.
MATT: It won't take terribly long. It takes you a
little longer. Although if you're going to the
same place he's already been to, then it
completely circumvents that.
MARISHA: Do they do custom there?
MATT: You go and inquire. They do custom work, but
it takes a little bit of time. It's a little
pricier as opposed to buying one off the rack.
MARISHA: That's fine.
MATT: It'll take about a day for them to finish
the work on it, and it will run you about two silver.
MARISHA: Done.
MATT: If you're providing the cloak. Were you
having a custom one made? Are you having a liner
put in, or having a custom cloak made?
MARISHA: I would like to take one of their cloaks
and have a blue liner put on the inside to make it reversible.
MATT: Okay, yeah. Full purchase of the cloak, and
that'll put you about four silver for the full
cloak. That includes the work, the lining
addition, and the time waiting for it.
MARISHA: Like one of those baggier, poncho coats.
One of those?
MATT: Okay, so hooded cloak and the front and the
back with slits for arms to come through. Got it.
You have that ordered. It'll be ready by midday
tomorrow, they're saying.
MARISHA: Thank you, sir!
MATT: You guys are going to make your way to the
Pentamarket. At this point in time, it is still a
fairly moderate downpour through the day. As you
begin to come through, some of the carts are
closed in the middle of the market: the ones that
are more open that sell fresh goods or things that
can be ruined by rainwater and that don't have
quite as strong of a canopy, but there are some
that are still open. They have hooded lanterns out
to draw attention towards them, you have barkers
shouting out, "Meats, fresh meats!" and trying to
get your attention over there, but you guys
maneuver through, making a beeline to your
location. Eventually you come up to the
warm-looking, dark wood exterior of the Vulnerable
Vagrant facility.
TRAVIS: (mutters) Vulnerable? Thought it was the
Invulnerable.
MATT: The Invulnerable.
TRAVIS: Oh, got it.
SAM: Is it open?
MATT: It appears to be. The doors are closed, but
it is warm on the inside, and upon checking the
door, it is not locked.
TRAVIS: Nice. We go in.
MATT: You step inside the interior and there is
one other patron, who is currently in the process
of looking through one of the glass cases in the
far end of the room. You can see it's a rather
portly looking gentleman, probably middle-aged or
so. His hair is curled and unkempt, but pulled
close to his scalp. His cheeks are ruddy, like the
cold weather has caused him to get a bit flush,
and he's in the process of glancing over as soon
as you enter. He looks sidelong to your troupe as
you enter and tries to mind his own business.
There across the room, you can see there are two
Pumat Sols currently, one of them smiling and
looking out your direction, the other one that is
keeping an eye on the gentleman in the corner. The
one that watches you enter gives a big grin, "Why
hello there!"
TRAVIS: Good to see you again! Boy, it is sure
coming down outside, wish there was a way to dry
off real fast.
MATT: "Well, if that's what you're asking, I would
be happy to help you."
TRAVIS: I am!
MATT: He walks on over and starts breathing
heavily on you.
(laughter)
TRAVIS: (quietly) Fuck. (clears throat) What does
it smell like?
MATT: His breath is warm. There are elements of an
herbal scent that immediately is overtaken with a--
TRAVIS: Sour cream and onion chips.
MATT: Yeah, it's not entirely unpleasant, but not
pleasant either. It's a warm cow-breath smell.
LAURA: Oh, I want to pet a cow so bad right now,
you guys.
TRAVIS: We'll see what we can do.
MATT: As he takes a deep breath on you once or
twice, you feel your body warm up for a moment as
he finishes the Prestidigitation cantrip and you
are suddenly, immediately dry.
TRAVIS: That is much better! Thank you, Pumat!
That is wonderful!
MATT: "It is, quite literally, the least I can
do."
TRAVIS: I had a question for you: we found this
armor down in the sewers and it seems to have some--
MATT: "That's really pretty."
TRAVIS: Right, yeah!
MATT: "Yeah, no, that's really pretty."
TRAVIS: Have you seen this armor before?
MATT: "Haven't seen that kind, no, but I like the
designs on it. It's really pretty."
TRAVIS: Yeah, here's the thing. I spent a lot of
time by the water when I was growing up, and when
you live by the water, too much water theme in
your design is overkill. You know, it's like the
person that has the beach house and everything is
shells and water and lobsters--
MATT: "Yeah, no, that's just a faux pas,
socially."
TRAVIS: Yeah. I feel like this has some unique
properties to it. Is there a chance that I could,
I don't know, in some way transfer or copy some of
that onto what I'm currently wearing? I have a
little bit more intrinsic value with what I have.
MATT: "Let me go ahead and have a look at it, if
you wouldn't mind. There we go, there's a few
"other pieces right there if you want to hand those
over--"
TRAVIS: They're not really attached, I'm sorry.
MATT: "No, it's all right. Oh, that's a full
set!"
TRAVIS: I don't know if shells fall out, so be
careful.
MATT: "I appreciate that heads up. Hey, mind
helping me, me?" The other Pumat goes, "Oh yeah,
"no worries. Pardon me, sir, I'll be right back.
Me, could you watch him?" The other one comes
around the corner, "Oh yeah, no worries." Now the
third one has entered the room and is looking--
this is a very strange sight for ye who has not
been within the store first.
TRAVIS: I forgot to tell you, there are multiple
versions of Pumat. Apparently the other ones are
called "Me me."
MATT: The one who's in the back goes, "Well, we
only refer to each other as 'me' as we're all
"technically the same individual. There is a Pumat
Prime, but he's currently not in the main chamber.
"Oh, I haven't seen you around. What's your name
there, fellow?"
TALIESIN: Oh, hello, Molly, hello.
MATT: "Molly, hello to you as well."
TALIESIN: Pleasure, charmed.
MATT: "Yeah." You see the mass of curled hair
around the somewhat pointed furred ears that curl
back. The large smile under the broad nose.
Very--
LAURA: Attractive.
MATT: Oh, he's just a pleasant, jolly individual
who is massive in size, even with a slight hunch
around the shoulders and back, stands a full seven
feet, probably.
TALIESIN: If it's all right, I'm going to peruse a
bit.
MATT: "Oh yeah, no worries. Just be wary of
anything you're planning to touch over there. Oh,
"and you, you're just an adorable little friend,
there."
SAM: Yes, it's nice to see you again, Mr. Sol.
MATT: "Yeah."
SAM: Well, I'll let Fjord finish. But I have a
request as well.
MATT: "Well, we're going to go ahead and take
those in the order they've been received. So if
"you could respectfully have a moment to yourself
there. We'll help you as soon as we can. Thank
"you." He turns back around, and goes back to
you--
TRAVIS: Nott, hands in your pockets, all right?
SAM: Don't worry.
TRAVIS: Okay.
MATT: As the two begin to look over, one of them
is inspecting the quality of the armor while the
other one closes his eyes and, as he begins to
focus, you watch as this faint little flash
emanates from the armor, briefly. He goes, "Oh,
yeah, no; that there is a pretty simple
"enchantment right there. There are limitations
based on the strength of the enchantment and how
"recently it's been applied to the equipment
involved. But since this is a simple enchantment
"it is something possible to translocate onto a
similar piece of equipment. It is a bit-- there is
"a cost to it should you be willing to pay for the
service, but we can probably do that for you, yeah."
TRAVIS: Is there any chance you could tell me how
much it might cost?
MATT: "Hold on just a second." He goes in the back
room and you hear these two muffled (muffled conversation).
TRAVIS: He's really very nice and accommodating.
TALIESIN: Extremely accommodating.
SAM: Knowledgeable, too, about all sorts of
things.
MATT: (muted laughter)
TALIESIN: All of them.
MATT: He comes back into the chamber. "So to have
this enchantment transferred over, it's only going
"to cost you about 80 gold pieces."
TRAVIS: I'm sorry, a little-- 80? Eight zero, or
one eight, 18?
MATT: "Eight zero gold pieces as it does require
some components to both harness, extract, and
"maintain the enchantment when it is put over to
the new piece of equipment."
TRAVIS: Right. Okay, let me think on it a bit.
Nott, you had a request?
MATT: "We'll put a little pin in that one. You had
a question there, little one?"
SAM: Ah, yes. You sold my friend a haversack
before, and it has these side pouches. Can you
sell me a pouch, a little side pouch, just a
little side pouchy thing?
MATT: (sighs) "You see, unfortunately--"
SAM: Drink cozy sort of a thing.
MATT: "I mean, I can sell you a pouch. It's just
going to be a normal pouch. Part of the haversack
"enchantment there is an all-encompassing object.
We have others, if you'd like to buy one for yourself."
SAM: Other haversacks?
MATT: "Yeah."
SAM: How much were they, again?
MATT: "For a return customer--" Do you have the
card still on that one?
LAURA: You charged me an additional 200, but that
was also giving you the glaive.
SAM: Oh.
MATT: Right, with the charge on it. I think the
total cost was a little over 1,000 gold.
(laughs)
LAURA: We got a good discount. That glaive was
really nice, shit.
MATT: It was a few hundred at least. I don't have
the card in front of me. "Yeah, I--"
LAURA: I have the card, but it doesn't say the
cost. Ooh, it does, 1,350! Fuck! Oh shit.
SAM: I'm okay, then. That's fine. I don't need-- I
thought that they could be broken up and sold in
little sets.
MATT: "I mean, we could look into possibly
devolving a small-based enchantment like that. I
"mean, research and development of that does take a
while. You'd have to fund the endeavor. The good
"news is, when it's done you'd be the first to have
an original Enchanter Pumat Sol pocket cozy pouch."
(laughter)
SAM: How much would that endeavor cost me?
MATT: "I don't know. I'll be right back." He goes
in the back room again. (muted conversation) Comes
back out. "Pumat Prime there says that for the
process of research and development, should it be
"successful, development of the object, it'll
probably be about two weeks of time of enchantment
"and the cost of the overall pouch will probably
run you 200-250 gold pieces."
TRAVIS: That's mighty good.
LAURA: That's a pretty good deal compared to
the--
SAM: Yeah, but I'd just get the side pouch.
LAURA: Yeah.
SAM: I wouldn't get the full thing.
LAURA: But, I mean, still.
TALIESIN: What are you going to put in it?
MARISHA: So many things.
LAURA: Buttons.
SAM: A lot of buttons.
LAURA: A regular pouch can hold a lot of buttons.
SAM: That's true. I'll think on it. Can I ask you
one more question, Pumat?
MATT: "Of course."
SAM: I don't mean to pry into your personal
existence, but there seems to be many of you. Was
that caused by magic? Did you do that? Is that an
accident? Was that a splicing thing?
MATT: The large looming figure of Pumat Sol shades
over you and slowly comes down onto his knees.
This lurching monolith over your tiny goblin
frame. The face gets tense for a second and pulls
back into this very warm, toothy smile and goes,
"Oh, I like an inquisitive little girl." Pats and
rubs your head. The hand is like a giant mitt that
almost encompasses your entire head.
TRAVIS: You get a fucking concussion.
MATT: "If you look over there." He points on the
wall, you see a framed symbol: three diamond
shards that all point to the center in a flux
capacitor-like design. He goes, "I'm actually an
"annex of the Cerberus Assembly. So I get certain
favors and I do things for them. I provide them,
"occasionally, with my capabilities and some
enchanted objects, and in return they were kind
"enough to provide me with, well me, and him, and
him."
SAM: So the Cerberus Assembly is that powerful
with magic?
MATT: "They're about the most powerful you find in
the Empire, yeah. So me and my brothers here are
"actually, technically, we're a Simulacrum."
SAM: Oh. That's fascinating.
MATT: "But you know, we do what we can."
SAM: If someone were to want someone with that
sort of magical power, you could not provide that,
but the Cerberus Assembly could?
MATT: "Well, I guarantee with enough positive
reinforcement, with enough friendship attained
"with certain members like I have developed over
many years of hard work and providing services,
"perhaps one day you too could be the fine owner of
three other versions of your tiny self."
SAM: That's amazing. Are they a secretive group?
Do they have a business card or anything?
MATT: "Not much of a business card. They got
members all over. Most of them are up in the
"capital, but there is one of them that runs that
Hall of Erudition. Right over in the Tri-Spires."
SAM: Thank you. Thank you for the information.
MATT: "Of course, happy to help."
TRAVIS: You know, Pumat, I think will take you up
on that enchantment, 80 gold. It's a bit more than
I was hoping to spend. I could overhear you
offering an incentive for being a return customer.
I did enjoy, most recently, unfortunately, one of
your healing potions. Perhaps if I purchased a
healing potion and the transfer of the
enchantments, we could find some sort of a deal?
MATT: Make a persuasion check.
TRAVIS: Get it, get it, boy. 12, It's not
terrible.
MATT: "I respect your candor. I see that you have
a keen mind for business relationships. However, I
"do have to turn a profit. So I can't do much for
you there, my apologies."
TRAVIS: I understand. Healing potions were how
much again? 70 gold?
MATT: "No, those were 50 gold apiece."
TRAVIS: 50 gold. Wow, I got to work on my fucking
memory. Great, I will take a healing potion and
the enchantment transfer, please.
MATT: "Fair enough. That will will run you 100
and--"
TRAVIS: 30.
MATT: "30 gold pieces, that's correct. There's
your healing potion. You get your basic one right there."
TRAVIS: Okay, thank you.
MATT: "It'll take about an hour to transfer this
here enchantment for you. So be patient and come
"back in about 60 minutes. Should be ready to go."
TRAVIS: Yeah, I take the breastplate part of my
leather armor off and leave it with you.
MATT: "Oh, this is-- want us to clean it for
you?"
TRAVIS: Yeah, that would be--
TALIESIN: Yes, please clean it. Please.
MATT: "All right."
TRAVIS: It's not that bad. You don't have to act
like it--
TALIESIN: It was starting to-- it has a brine.
MATT: "Would you prefer black ice, lavender or new
leather?"
TRAVIS: New leather.
MATT: "New leather it is. We'll get it right to
you."
TRAVIS: That's amazing.
MATT: Turns around.
TALIESIN: I've been doing a perusal, by the way. Is
there anything that's caught my eye in this--?
MATT: Make an investigation check.
TALIESIN: Make an investigation check. It's hard
to concentrate, 13.
MATT: Okay, there's a lot of things here. Many not
anywhere near your price range.
TALIESIN: Sure.
MATT: There are three that catch your eye that are
loosely interesting, at least, between you and your
allies. There is one pendant that has a darkened
ivory spiral and almost a heart sculpture, but it
is roughly sculpted.
TALIESIN: Interesting.
MATT: That is currently labeled with a fine ribbon
at the bottom at 150 gold. It states that it has
the capability of-- you can almost hear it in his
voice after seeing and meeting him for this short
time. "It's capable of ensuring that if you take
too many hits it will help prevent you from bleeding
"out on your own."
LAURA: That's good.
MATT: "Also, when you take a rest, you get a
little bit of a bonus when healing."
TALIESIN: All right, that's interesting.
MATT: There's one of them that's this darkened,
orangeish, amber-colored orb or marble about that
big. That is 350 gold.
LAURA: Whoa.
MATT: The ribbon attached to that one states,
"Should someone holding this have the capability
"of spinning spells one way or the other, they could
probably keep one stored in this thing and release
"it at a later time."
MARISHA: I had one of those last campaign.
LAURA: That was a ring.
MARISHA: That was a ring of holding, yeah. Good
stuff.
TALIESIN: The final piece that I noticed?
MATT: Yes, this is a really beautiful cloak that
has a purplish-blue color to it with very fine
edged embroidery in gold and silver that naturally
comes out of the cloak like it's growing silver
vines at the edges of it. It's a very fine make.
This one is labeled at 800 gold. "The donner of
"this cloak would find themselves largely protected
in certain ways from the elements, or blows, or
"magics, or what have you."
TALIESIN: Wow.
LAURA: It's like a cloak of AC? No, like
resistance?
MATT: Cloak of protection.
LAURA: Cloak of protection, like ring of
protection.
TRAVIS: It gives you some bonus.
LAURA: Man, I want a ring of protection again.
TRAVIS: Yeah, we all do.
TALIESIN: We all do.
TRAVIS: Super squishy-ass, crispy tacos.
SAM: What if we kill all of Pumat Sol and come
back and rob this place?
TALIESIN: That's a great plan.
MATT: That's an option.
TRAVIS: I think you only have to kill the one.
LIAM: Prime.
TRAVIS: This conversation did not happen in the
game, by the way.
MATT: Oh, I assumed.
TALIESIN: What did we each make off of--
SAM: You should be tracking it in your D&D Beyond
currency counter.
LAURA: We didn't put that in our--
SAM: I added my 100. We each got 100.
LAURA: Oh, I think I added it.
MATT: Yeah, it was 700 gold.
TALIESIN: Okay, so I did. So I can technically
afford this.
LAURA: Well, one of them.
TALIESIN: I'd love to see that heart locket if you
don't mind. This thing.
LAURA: Did you spit on my thing--
SAM: Probably, you made me laugh.
MATT: There's the two guys are like, "Sorry, can't
help you, we're in mid-enchantment translocation.
"Could you help him?" The other one's like, "Yeah,
no worries, I got you. Hey there, buddy, what you
"looking at over there for?"
TALIESIN: Pleasure to meet you. I was looking at
this piece right here.
MATT: "Oh yeah, no. Let me pass you over a little
more information about that. That's a periapt of
"wound closure, if you're so interested. It both
allows you to stabilize when you hit zero hit
"points, and when you're using hit dice to heal up,
it's a little bit nicer."
LAURA: Is this like, if I'm healing him, does he
still get the double hit points?
MATT: "Just when it's doing hit dice."
LAURA: Sorry.
TRAVIS: Got to attune to it?
SAM: Wound closure? You cut yourself all the time,
that would be very useful.
TALIESIN: They tend to sort of heal themselves,
though.
LIAM: Is it reusable?
TALIESIN: This is quite nice, oh yeah. You know what? I
think I'm going to treat myself, I'm going to take
it. I feel like I've earned something, we've had a
good run of it, and I have never spent this much
money on anything in my life.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I mean, we've got some good momentum
right now, right? What could possibly happen?
MATT: "Not going to lie, really appreciative to
have, just here in a few days, returning customers
"willing to spend fine, hard-earned gold on some
finely crafted and enchanted objects."
TALIESIN: I pass 150 gold.
MATT: "An absolute pleasure there, you say it was
Mollyoop?"
TALIESIN: Just Molly to my friends.
MATT: "Molly it is."
TALIESIN: This is wonderful. I'm going to add it
to my other necklace.
TRAVIS: It looks incredible. It's found a place.
TALIESIN: I feel, it's right to my heart. Right
there.
TRAVIS: Pumat, before we go, I wanted to ask you, I
know that you're an annex of the Cerberus
Assembly. How do you feel about the governing
parties here in town? Are you happy with the way
things are run?
MATT: "I mean, overall it seems to be as fine as
it can be."
TRAVIS: Right.
MATT: "You know, some folks don't have as much
coin as others, but what can you do to really help
"them? We do what we can, but there's a lot of
dangerous things out there. We got all sorts of
"baddies coming over from Xhorhas, we got the
possible encroaching of foreign powers always
"looking to peek over the mountain range and try
and steal some of our hard-earned materials. So I
"think it's good they keep us nice and safe and, I
mean, I got myself a fine business, too."
TRAVIS: Yeah. I think it's great that you support
the barracks. Do they come in for regular
purchases every week or every month or find
themselves in your store more often than not?
MATT: "Who are you referring to?"
TRAVIS: The members of the Cerberus Assembly.
MATT: "Oh no, they don't come to the store often.
They usually send requests, they make orders and I
"have them sent on over to either Rexxentrum or the
Hall, if that's where they're going to be
"utilizing them."
TRAVIS: That's wonderful. Well, thank you, thank
you for your time.
MATT: "No worries. They're a fine bunch. They do a
lot of good, they keep the Crown in check, they
"make sure there's no abuse of power and they also
have been very staunch supporters of helping
"promote learning here in the smaller, more middle
to lower classes here in Zadash."
TRAVIS: Oh really? They're not as protective of
certain knowledges as other parts of the
government might be?
MATT: "Well, I mean, protective of knowledge in
the sense that not everyone can be trusted with
"knowledge and, I'm not going to lie, some of the
things even I know could be real dangerous in the
"wrong hands, so I think it's important there has
to be a certain level of control. I've seen some
"really nutty people out there that I can't imagine
what it would be like if we didn't have some sort
"of law and order."
TRAVIS: But they might be a bit more open-minded
to people sharing in that knowledge if they were
the right type of person, say?
MATT: "Could very well be! They've been very kind
to me."
TRAVIS: I'm glad to hear that. Nott? Molly? You
have everything you need?
SAM: Yes.
TALIESIN: Yeah, I've been looking in the little
mirror, trying to get the height right.
TRAVIS: Did you want to bring the mirror with you?
TALIESIN: Can I?
TRAVIS: I was joking.
TALIESIN: Oh, that's right. Fine. This is good.
Okay.
SAM: We'll probably be back in like a day.
TALIESIN: We'll be back.
MATT: "Well, we'll be here. All four of us."
SAM: Goodbye, Pumats Sol.
MATT: "Pleasure to meet you, little goblin lady!"
TRAVIS: Give Pumat Prime our best.
MATT: "I will. Right now." He goes in the back
room as the other two are still focusing on your
armor. As you leave the two that are focusing go,
"Thank you!" "Thank you!"
TRAVIS: Fuck.
MATT: You wait the better part of an hour, are
able to retrieve your armor, and indeed you now
have the Mariner's armor enchantment on your
breastplate.
TRAVIS: Thank you for not making me stand out in
the rain for an hour without top pieces. Thank you.
MATT: Now, the three of you. So what means are you
attempting to enter the Tri-Spires?
LAURA: We go back to the gate, right?
LIAM: Yeah. You know, I had that bad time
yesterday, but probably different guards there and
I have this cloak now so I'm going to--
LAURA: You look really-- can I? I'm going to brush
your hair out of your face.
LIAM: Yeah.
LAURA: And like, wipe at any dirt off your face,
okay?
LIAM: Oh, the rain has already taken care of most
of that.
LAURA: I know. Well, it's washed it off, but now
I've got to get the smudges off. Because, you
know, it's still kind of there.
LIAM: Thank you. Is it good?
LAURA: Well, you look sparkling clean! You look
very dashing.
LIAM: Okay. We'll see if the guards think so, eh?
LAURA: Yes. Just keep your cloak really tight on
you, okay?
LIAM: That's the idea, yeah.
MATT: You find yourselves to the exterior of the
Tri-Spires, the familiar gate where you've
traversed and failed to traverse once before. As
you make your way towards the edge, you see the
two guards once again step up to the center to
prevent entry. As they begin to walk up, you see
three other figures are exiting the district, and
the guards stop, "Halt." Give a nod, recognizing
the individuals as they walk past, they move on.
They look to be fairly decently dressed, a male
and a female. You don't know if they're married or
not, but they appear to be a couple. A friend of
theirs is off to the side. All in cloaks, hoods
up, very nice cloaks, thick but very well-made as
the rain is still coming down. They're all bundled
up, but there is a point of recognition with the
guards as they pass by. As they move beyond, the
guards once again approach and they're like, "Halt."
LAURA: Oh, hello again.
MATT: "Hello again."
LAURA: Yes. We're making our way to the Pillow
Trove. That's all.
MATT: They both give a look over the two of you.
MARISHA: I'm all nice and buttoned up. Belt tied.
LIAM: I'm looking at the ground.
MARISHA: Looking tough.
MATT: For the sake of this, make a persuasion
check, Jester.
LAURA: Oh, Jesus. Okay. That was not a lot of
flourish there, but 17!
TALIESIN: It went back to a 20.
LAURA: I know it did.
MATT: "All right. Come in." You guys quickly make your way
through the open gates, under the portcullis, into
the cobblestone streets of the Tri-Spires, and there
you see the Silken Terrace, the three towers that
mark the central part of Zadash.
LAURA: (giggles) We made it!
LIAM: It's nice in here.
LAURA: I know, right?! Should we ask where the
smutty shop is that you want to go to?
LIAM: It has a name. It is called Chastity's
Nook.
MARISHA and LAURA: (laughter)
LIAM: Yes, it's right in the name.
MARISHA: It's a good name.
LAURA: I go back to the guard and ask where the
Chastity's Nook is.
MATT: "I-- oh." He gives you this weird look as
you ask him. He's like, "Actually, it's right there
"in the Silken Terrace to the left of the large
bakery. It's the hut-looking thing."
LAURA: Thank you very much, I appreciate all of
your help, you've been wonderful, okay, bye.
MATT: "Of course," he says behind you as you rush
off.
SAM: A bakery and a porn shop? If they find a
fight club, you guys are going to be orgasming!
(laughter)
TALIESIN: To be fair, they make pornographic cakes
there, so it's all right.
MATT: It's pretty great.
TRAVIS: Oh, oh, oh!
MATT: Bringing in an American Pie reference, wow.
You enter the Silken Terrace. First off, the
beautiful cobblestone streets before you are
broken up by small patches of small fenced-in
shrubbery and flower bushes. The whole interior
here is such stark contrast to the rest of the
city. It is both surprising and sickening knowing
some of the harder lifestyles that exist on the
outside of the walls here. There are a few large
sights as you pass through here. There is-- one of
the large towers here is part of the ivory and
marble structure that has large blue banners that
hang down the sides. The central tower itself
fires up into the sky. This centerpiece-- and
you've known this because you've been here before--
is known as the Zauber Spire.
MARISHA: Zombra Spire-- Zombra?
MATT: Zauber Spire. Z-A-U-B-E-R S-P-I-R-E. The
Zauber Spire. It is the central piece of the Halls
of Erudition campus and lords over that entire
section to the north side. It is the furthest
tower here. There is an area that you've heard of but
not been to called the Gilded Willows, which is
the tree-dappled residential area of the city.
It's broken up into several pieces, but you can see a
lot of the treetops, and there is this very
natural, almost picturesque beauty of the interior.
LIAM: What was that called again?
MATT: The Gilded Willows. It's the broken up
residential aspects of this area.
MARISHA: Okay, it's Bel-Air.
MATT: Yeah. There is the Triumph Chime, which is a
seven-story temple and belfry that has been
retrofitted as the previous-- and you would know
this from learning your history lessons--
actually, make a history check.
MARISHA: Okay!
TRAVIS: Maybe you know it.
MATT: You might not remember it.
MARISHA: It was so good, too! Almost! Did you see
that? History? Six.
MATT: All right. You know that it's there. You
know the three towers are there. There's the
Zauber Spire; the Constellation Bridge in the
Gilded Willows, which is a giant watchtower that
overlooks the entirety of this city; and then the
last bit is the Triumph Chime, but that's all you
know about them.
MARISHA: Yeah, it's, like, the Zauber Spire, the
Constellation Bridge, and whatever the Triumph
Tower is. Chime. I think it's a church. Or a cult.
Or a church-turned-cult. I don't remember.
LAURA: The Constellation Bridge sounds very
pretty.
MARISHA: It is.
LIAM: It's a good name.
MATT: As you continue in the direction of where
you were guided, you come upon the very familiar
scent of warm baked goods, both savory and sweet.
It is relatively crowded. A lot of the folks are
bundled up. They have large mittens on, heavy
coats and cloaks and a lot of the general elite
that live in this vicinity have come here to pick
up warm goods to help go against the cold rain
that's now coming down upon the city. To the right
of that, towards the very edge of this road of
various shops and market bits, there is a building
that is small with a thatched roof, like it's more
for the visual aspect of it. It's made to look
almost like a small country cottage but it's
plainly intentional and is an aesthetic that's
been placed onto it to make it look different and
interesting from the rest of the--
MARISHA: Like a tiki bar!
MATT: Yeah, I guess you could say that. Outside
you do see a sign that is written in beautiful
cursive that's arched over the main door that says
"Chastity's Nook." The doorway is slightly open,
and there is a warm light from the interior. There
is a glass window. There are books on display
there, but you already see a few people inside.
It's not packed, but it's making business. What do
you guys want to do?
LIAM: Just before we head that way, just out of
curiosity, what is the name of the bakery that is near?
MATT: You actually can't see the name from the
outside. You'd have to go and ask.
LIAM: I go and ask. I walk into the-- come, are
you hungry?
LAURA: I always am hungry!
LIAM: Okay, I will get us some sweets if you want.
LAURA: Really?
LIAM: Yeah, sure, why not? We are flush at the
moment. I walk in.
MATT: Easy enough to ask. As you walk inside,
there is a whole table set up with warm goods and
a kitchen that's constantly going. There's about
12 patrons in there right now in the process of
eating or ordering. It's called the Meal Hearth.
TRAVIS: Your hands are going to be all sticky
before you handle the books.
LIAM: Better than after.
(groaning and laughter)
MATT: If you'd like to, you can load up on--
LIAM: Yeah, what are you in the mood for? Do you
want something sweet or something savory?
LAURA: Oh man, this bakery that we had in
Nicodranas had amazing bear claws.
LIAM: Bear claws. Well let's see. Excuse me?
Whoever's running this show.
MATT: In the midst of the chaos you see a young
man in his late teens or so with a little bit of a
prickly chinstrap beard, very short, tattered
brown hair but other than that spry, smiling. He
has an apron on, and he's currently putting a
small tray on the edge, "Hello. Can I help you?"
LIAM: Yeah, we're in the mood for some bear claws,
the kind they have in Nicodranas. Have you heard
of these? Do you have them?
MATT: "We have bear claws. I don't know if we have
any Nicodranas bear claws?"
LIAM: We'll take the bear claws, yeah?
LAURA: Yes, and then we can compare and let you
know.
MATT: "As far as I know the only major difference
is they load it up with cinnamon--"
LAURA: That's exactly what I was going to say!
Cinnamon, yes!
MATT: "We can do that. That'll be done. How many
would you like?"
LIAM: Probably ten bear claws. Also do you have
any hot freshly baked bread?
MATT: "That we do as well. Of course."
LIAM: I will take a large loaf of hot bread, fresh
out of the oven, please.
MATT: "Yeah, you'll have to wait the moment. About
20, 25 minutes, we'll have a fresh one for you."
MARISHA: Maybe we can go shopping and come back?
LIAM: Yeah, we'll return. We'll double back for
the bear claws. So we'll come back for ten of
these and that hot bread.
MATT: "So ten bear claws and bread. You want to
pay in advance?"
LIAM: Yeah, sure, that's no problem. What do I
need?
MATT: So for all the bear claws and the loaf of
bread--
LAURA: I don't know.
MATT: Yeah, it's not that much.
LIAM: $13.50?
MATT: Probably run you three silver.
LIAM: Okay. One. Two. Three. Easy. Thank you very
much.
MATT: Of course. See you back here in a minute. As
soon as you turn around, somebody else has pushed
past you and gotten in the front. "I'd like three
of--" and you're like, ugh, this place is awful.
LIAM: Come on, it's too crowded in there.
LAURA: Caleb, I'll buy you some porn.
LIAM: Okay, that's good to know. I lead the way to
Chastity's Nook.
MATT: As you enter the small shop, the interior is
beautiful and surprisingly busy. There's five
other patrons that are currently perusing through
various tomes and stacks of artwork. You can see
it carries many books and different types of
tawdry decor, like rugs, embroidered tapestries,
candles, both scented and not, and you can smell
oils and incense in there as well. It's this
mishmash of scents. It's dark-lit in the interior,
but as soon as you enter, almost every other
person glances over their shoulder at you and goes
back about their business. As soon as you finish
scanning the room, a voice peeks up and goes,
"Hello!" You glance over and see a human female in
her 40s, mousey brown hair, wild and curly that
goes past her shoulders, and she has a heavy
sweater on and these big glasses right in front of
her face. She goes, "Can I help you?"
LIAM: That is a very handsome sweater you have. Is
that from here in the city?
MATT: "Thank you so much. It was a gift."
LIAM: I'm sorry, what is your name?
MATT: "Iva."
LIAM: Iva. Pleasure to meet you.
MATT: "Iva Deshin and this is my shop."
LIAM: Iva Deshin. I'm new to town, and I'm looking
for a bit of reading, and this place has been
highly recommended to me, and I'm wondering
what--
MATT: A grin curls past her face. She goes,
"Recommended? You want to go to that back." She
points, and you can see now that she's pointed
out, because it's one long chamber with shelves
and a central table. The beginning has more of the
accouterments, like the candles and the various
knickknacks you can purchase. In the back, you can
already see there are large scrolls that are hung
up, with beautifully painted nudes. You can see
rows and rows of--
(laughing)
LIAM: I made you plan for this!
MATT: I know you did. Yeah, you did, buddy. There
are stacks of books where the covers have their
own individual paintings, where you can see--
TRAVIS: Yep. Detail!
MATT: You can see a portion of a moonlight
painting of a brawny-looking man who's dipping a
fainting woman in a delicate dress, glistening
across the moonlight. It's slightly pulled open,
yeah. This is the young adult romance section of
any bookstore on full display, and the more you
look back, you can see there's a few figures in
the process of thumbing through the books, reading
them where they stand in the middle there. "Are
you looking for anything in particular?"
LIAM: You know, my tastes are very varied. I'm
always looking for something new.
MATT: "Ooh, I have recommendations, if you like."
LIAM: Of course. I am very interested in
literature recommendations.
MATT: "There's Zemnian Nights. Very popular.
There's The Enchanting Tryst, for those who want
more of a fantastical perspective. Scent of the
Sea, for the traveler who enjoys their perusal.
That one is outer empire, so folks have varying
interest. There's Tusk Love. That one's a little
more saucy."
ALL: Tusk Love!
(laughter)
MATT: "If you want something more gentle,
something that's more of a classic love story, we
have Guard of My Heart. Shallow Breaths are a bit
more bawdy."
LAURA: I want to buy Tusk Love, please.
MATT: "Right this way."
LIAM: As she walks away from us: You know, I'm
obviously here for a purpose, but I like
historical fiction as well, and I like when the
two things are combined. Do you know what I mean?
LAURA: Sex and history.
MATT: She leans in for a moment and gives you a
look. "Follow me." She leads you both to the back.
She plucks a copy of Tusk Love.
SAM: There's a guy in an Abraham Lincoln costume,
just whacking it.
(laughter)
MARISHA: I'm following, by the way.
TRAVIS: Four score--
MATT: "Define 'historical.' What are your
interests?"
LIAM: I like historical fiction. I don't like
shallow smut. I like to learn something while I'm
being titillated, I suppose.
MATT: Make a persuasion check.
TRAVIS: My shirt's gone back up.
(laughter)
MARISHA: Oh my god.
MATT: You made me do this, Liam.
LAURA: I love how many book titles you have.
TRAVIS and MARISHA: Edubation.
MATT: Edubation?!
TRAVIS: (straining) A squared plus B squared
equals C squared!
LIAM: I have rolled a zwanzig, that is twenty.
MATT: Okay. "It's been banned for the past 15
years, but I do have a couple of reclaimed copies
of Courting of the Crick, if you'd be
interested."
SAM: Courting of the Crick.
LIAM: I'm very much interested, in this and other
books as well, but we will start with (whispers)
the Courting of the Crick.
MATT: "Well, because it's--" and the voice stays
very hushed, and she adjusts her glasses, the
closer she gets "--because it is technically not
supposed to be here, it's a bit pricier. That one
runs you about 15 gold pieces."
LIAM: I'm still interested. I would like to see
the quality of the book. You know, see if it's in
mint condition.
MATT: "Of course, it's not a worry. Just a
moment." The other books, the regular books--
LIAM: Did she walk away from me, by the way?
MATT: Briefly, yeah.
LIAM: I cast Detect Magic.
MATT: Okay.
LAURA: On her? On the room?
LIAM: Everything.
MATT: As you complete your incantation, there is a
slight shimmer of energy that expands around the
chamber, and scanning through and across the
books, nothing peeks out at you as magical from
the shelves. It looks there's only a collection of
tomes. You get a small blip from the hunched,
cloaked figure in the corner that's currently
reading through one of the books hurriedly. Just a
faint source of magic on their person.
LIAM: The range, I believe, is 30 feet, if I'm not
mistaken. Yeah, it is. Am I covering every part of
the store where I am? I start to browse.
MATT: Okay. I will say-- let me look at the--
If anything looks out of reach of the spell
that I have just cast,
I will walk in that direction.
MATT: Right. It's concentration, so you can pass
around. You scan the entirety of the room. It does
not appear to be that there is anything directly
magical being put on any of the shelves.
MARISHA: It's because this whole place is magical,
Caleb.
TRAVIS: Angels and demons.
MATT: The only blip of magic source you're getting
is from one of the patrons.
LIAM: Just one of the patrons. Nothing behind any
doors, nothing on the shelves. Okay, I wait for
her to return.
MARISHA: Does there appear to be a used book
section, like trade-ins?
MATT: Unfortunately, no. There isn't a lot of
business for used books here in the Tri-Spires.
Most folks purchase and display on their shelves.
It's a symbol of status. The more books you have,
the more you can display on your shelves, the more
well-read you are to your guests, as you have them
over. There isn't a big market for returning
things you've read.
MARISHA: Huh. Okay. You can learn a lot from what
people wrote in books.
LAURA: I walk up to one of the other patrons
that's hurriedly looking through one of the books.
MATT: Okay. The one that's closest to you, or one
of the other ones?
LAURA: Sure. Whatever one is closest to me.
MATT: The one that's closest to you, as you
approach from behind, he has a dark brown cloak
that's pulled over one shoulder. He's wearing a
sky blue tunic, soft, a silk sheen to it in what
little bit of lantern light is lighting the
interior. From the side of his chin, you can see
he's got a softer, rounder face, and as soon as
you begin to approach, as you aren't approaching
quietly, he stops, the book closes, back on the
shelf. Make a perception check.
LAURA: Oh no. Perception? 18.
MATT: It is Shallow Breaths.
TRAVIS: Breasts, or breaths?
MATT: Breaths.
TALIESIN: Heaving.
TALIESIN and TRAVIS: Heaving breasts.
TRAVIS: (breathes deeply)
LAURA: Ooh, Shallow Breaths, that's a good one.
MATT: As the guy turns around, you can see him.
He's mid to late thirties, you would expect, dark
hair slicked back, the hairline pulling back a
bit, male pattern baldness-style, human, and as
soon he whips around: "Oh, I'm just perusing."
LAURA: It's not one of your favorites?
MATT: "I don't know, I've not read it, I couldn't
tell you."
LAURA: What's your name?
MATT: "I need to go."
He pushes past you, and as
he begins to exit the chamber, he goes, "I'm all
right, I'm good, thank you this time, good bye,"
and darts out into the rain.
LAURA: I open it up and see what Shallow Breaths
is about.
MATT: It is smutty. We're talking like, Anne Rice
fairy tale book-level.
TALIESIN: Good skirt around there, by the way.
Well done.
MATT: I remember I got really --
TALIESIN: We were all in high school once, it's okay.
MATT: No, I got really into Interview with a
Vampire, and then my mom got these great new Anne
Rice books, and I was like, "Oh, she made new
books about Cinderella, that's-- oh." Yeah. It's
what you'd expect.
LAURA: Smutty.
MARISHA: Hey, Jester. Do you think that the fact
that this place is called, "Chastity's Nook" gives
everyone a complex who shops here?
LAURA: Yes.
MARISHA: Yeah.
LAURA: It's really good.
MATT: At this point, Iva returns with a book-sized
tome that is covered in a soft deerskin leather,
pulls it open, and shows you the outside of it.
It's very high quality, like it's barely been
read. "This is the piece."
LIAM: That is finely made. May I hold it?
MATT: "You may." She looks over to make sure
they're blocking the view to anybody else.
LIAM: I turn with her, so that my back is, and I
speed read four pages.
LAURA: Are there illustrations?
LIAM: Oh jeez!
MATT: Interestingly enough, it begins almost like
The Silmarillion, in the sense that it reads not
very flowery.
TRAVIS: In a hole in the ground.
MATT: It has a very instructional, nonfiction,
historical-type speech. It begins to talk of early
empirical conflicts. It begins to talk of the
post-Calamity.
It begins to talk of elements of--
It begins to hint at the ideas of
forbidden romance between sides that were not
meant to meet. A lot of it begins like, "and then
this person led this army into this place, and
these many were slaughtered."
LIAM: Out of curiosity, if I flip through, do I
see any boning anywhere inside?
MATT: As you begin to flip through, she
(chuckles), "I understand if that was enough of a
peek and you're interested, you could purchase?"
LIAM: Yes, it's a high quality item, you can
understand my excitement. I've been thinking in
the space of time that you have left, and while I
would like to purchase something here today, I'm
very low on funds, and the nature of this book,
and the trouble I could get into-- I mean, your
secret is safe with me, but it is too hot for my
hands. I was wondering if you had a copy of
Shallow Breaths here?
MATT: "That I do. And not a worry." She quickly
folds it up and tucks it under her arm and hides
it amongst her sweater. Right over here. She picks
up a copy, the same copy the gentleman was looking
through earlier, and hands it to you.
LIAM: Perfect. How much would this run me?
MATT: "Three silver pieces."
LIAM: Three silver, okay. I take out the three
silver. One, two, three, and I hand it over.
MATT: "Thank you very much."
LIAM: Yes, and did you two want to get anything?
LAURA: Yes, I want to buy the Tusky Love one.
MATT: "That is also three silver pieces."
LAURA: (whispers) And I want to buy the other one
that's expensive, please, thank you.
MARISHA: (whispers) Aw, you beat me to it.
LAURA: (whispers) Yeah.
MATT: (whispers) "All right, that's 15 gold."
LAURA: But be secret when you put it in my bag,
okay?
MATT: "Okay."
SAM: Paper bag.
(laughter)
MATT: Very terrible discreet hand-off, where it's
like-- She adjusts her glasses once more. "Thank
you, and it's been a pleasure. If you're ever
interested, I do my own writing, and am in the
process of finishing the third chapter of my next
series, so--"
MARISHA: I would love to see it right now.
MATT: "Well, it's not done."
MARISHA: Do you have a sample?
LIAM: What is your niche?
MATT: "Well," She gets a little nervous, reaches
behind, pulls out a small piece of paper, and
says, "I need this back because it's part of my
manuscript. You can have a glance over it."
TRAVIS: Tumblr is so happy right now.
MARISHA: What is it?
MATT: At a quick glance, it is not very well
written. It's a bit ham-fisted in its analogies
and descriptives. You have caught the middle of a
saucy meeting of a strong, strapping farmhand, who
is currently trying to work down the cost of a
piece of equipment by the purveyor. You don't have
enough information to make out the full story, but
it's this, "How can I get this at a cheaper price?"
MARISHA: She's very heavy-handed with her
innuendos.
MATT: The salesman's like, "Well, I don't know.
How much are you willing to pay?" It goes back and
forth, and you're like, I see where this is going,
but it's not going there fast enough.
MARISHA: They keep talking about the heft of his
equipment. A lot of reference to his equipment.
TRAVIS: The gauge of his pipe?
MARISHA: Yeah, it's-- Do you--?
MATT: "Do you like it?"
MARISHA: Oh, do I.
MATT: Make a deception check.
MARISHA: Fuck! I was thinking of Fjord as I was
trying to be nice!
TRAVIS: Yeah, you were doing it.
LIAM: All her hopes and dreams.
MARISHA: It's cocked, right? Okay, thank you. 18.
MATT: She's like, "Oh good! I'm so glad you like
it."
MARISHA: You know, there seems to be a lot of
machinery knowledge and, like, heavy machinery
knowledge. Was that also an interest of yours?
MATT: "Oh, well there was a family background,
yes. Before I took up writing."
MARISHA: Man, I've never seen engineering and--
combined!
MATT: "I think it's rare that I meet people that
are interested in seeing that type of niche. Thank
you. I hope to have it ready for sale, hopefully
within the next three or four months, so please do
come by again."
MARISHA: Consider me interested.
MATT: "Thank you."
TRAVIS: Is there a mailing list?
MARISHA: Yeah, I almost asked if there was. Is
there a mailing list? You got to get the word out.
Get people interested.
MATT: "It's kind of a word of mouth thing. The
clientele prefer a bit of privacy."
MARISHA: Sure!
LAURA: While this was going on, and she was
distracted.
MATT: Oh no.
LAURA: Can I find one of the books that looks
easily accessible? I want to open it up and on the
inside write: "We're watching you. We saw you come
in here."
MATT: You grab a quick copy of Guard of My Heart.
The cover has the actual Crownsguard crest printed
on it. It is a dynamic of honor versus what the
heart wants. Make a sleight of hand check.
LIAM: Written by Seven Corbo.
LAURA: That's so good! Plus five, so what is that?
23? 23.
MATT: As you quickly whip through the statement,
close the book, set it on the shelf, no one any
the wiser. You have a sense of accomplishment wash
over you. You hear this faint, distant chuckle
that is sourceless, but pleased.
LAURA: That felt good.
MATT: You have your smut. What would you like to
do now?
LIAM: It's probably about time to go pick up the
bear claws.
LAURA: The pastries!
MATT: Easily enough. It's still raining, but not
quite the heavy drizzle it was earlier. It's
lighting up a little bit. As soon as you step
outside, you can see, way far off in the distance,
a little bit of blue begin to break. The heavy
part of the stormfront, at least, is beginning to
pass. You pick up the remainder of your ordered
baked goods and a loaf of bread as well.
LIAM: On the top shelf, behind you there. What do
you call those? These pastries? I slide the smut
under a tray of bread.
MATT: You slide it under a what?
LIAM: A tray of bread on the counter.
MATT: Just on the counter?
LIAM: Yeah. Hide it.
MATT: Make a sleight of hand check.
LIAM: They look the other way.
SAM: You learn from the best.
LIAM: That's all right. 11.
MATT: 11, okay. He glances up, "Oh, that's more
bread."
LIAM: Oh. Okay. I'll take my bread, please.
MATT: "Yes, of course. Fresh. Here you are, sir!"
LIAM: Thank you. Would you like to carry the bear
claws?
LAURA: Yes please! Thank you.
LIAM: As we're walking out, I will show you a
trick that I've learned in the past few years.
It's very cold out. I pull sides of the bread out.
It's hot. I hand to you a bread, and I hand you a
piece of bread, and then I shove my hands in. It's
warm, and I can eat it later! Let's go.
MARISHA: Oh, Caleb.
LAURA: You know you can buy mittens?
MARISHA: Yeah, there are muffs? Like hand muffs?
LIAM: Yeah, but I can eat this. Why are you
looking at me that way?
LAURA: It's weird, Caleb. It's weird.
LIAM: It's not weird. Many people have done this
in this make-believe world and also in America.
MARISHA: (skeptical noise)
LIAM: I walk out the door.
LAURA: Well, it's really good bread.
MATT: Any other business you'd like to tend to
while you're in the Tri-Spire, or are you joining
your friends?
LAURA: I think there's a casino here.
SAM: Jesus!
LAURA: But, we can just go to the Pillow Trove.
SAM: (loud whispering) Do you want to drop off
that key first?
LAURA: That's why I'm going to the Pillow Trove!
SAM: Oh okay. Yeah.
LAURA: I heard Nott telling me something.
SAM: I am the Traveler.
TALIESIN: I thought were going to go for Mighty
Nein sponsorship at the Nook.
MARISHA: As we walk along to the Pillow Trove,
when we walk by the flowery bushes, I slowly pop
all the blossoms off the flowers as I go.
MATT: As you guys make your way to the interior of
the Pillow Trove, the same woman clerk, who you
met the other day, is there in the process of
going through and organizing the last bit of
information of the few folks that got rooms the
night before. You see at the top of the split
staircase a female elf: brunette with golden eyes,
older in the face. You see some lines along the
cheeks that-- for elves, that age gracefully--
shows a bit of age. You see a very beautiful,
laced, red dress that goes up to the neck, with a
bit of a window right there. The arms are crossed
and folded in front, and as you enter, looks down
and smiles. The clerk glances up, "Oh, hello again."
LAURA: She's beautiful. Who's that?
MATT: "That's Madam Luenna. Madame?" and the woman
descends the stairs, one step at a time, arms
crossed. "Hello. Pleasure to make your
acquaintance."
LAURA: You too.
MATT: "Can I help you?"
LAURA: I don't know. I just asked who you were
because you're really pretty.
MATT: "I am the owner of the Pillow Trove."
LAURA: Oh! It's beautiful! You did a really good
job in here decorating.
MATT: "Thank you so much. I greatly appreciate
it."
LAURA: Your dress is really pretty, too.
MATT: "Thank you kindly. So?"
LAURA: I came to get all my stuff out of my room
and then I'm going to give the key back, okay?
MATT: "You're checking out? How unfortunate."
LAURA: I am, but I'll be back very soon because I
have a package coming. So be on the lookout for
one to Jester.
MATT: "Jester. Is that your name?"
LAURA: That is me.
MATT: She takes your hand and holds it. "A
pleasure, my dear. Good bye."
LAURA: Good bye.
MATT: Turns and makes her way back up the stairs.
LAURA and MARISHA: She's really pretty.
LAURA: Did you see her eyes? They were golden.
MARISHA: Yeah.
LAURA: You want to see my room?
MARISHA: Sure!
TRAVIS: Want to see my toys?
MATT: You walk upstairs, you find the room. It's
small, the one that you had rented, but it's
beautiful in the interior. The sheets have layered
lace. High thread count. It's quite awesome. There
is a balcony, though the curtain's currently drawn
because of the rainy day outside. It's a very nice
room.
LIAM: I slide my hand under the sheets, and I feel
that thread count.
MARISHA: Your hands are dirty! You're covered in
bread!
LAURA: No! It's okay because I rented it! I pull
the covers off.
MARISHA: Oh, that's right!
LAURA: Lay down! You want to lay down! You can use
it!
LIAM: Maybe if you had carried a ruler, you could
hit my knuckles harder next time.
MARISHA: Would you like that?
LIAM: No.
MARISHA: Would you like some mitts?
LIAM: No!
MARISHA: You know this is how diseases are spread,
right?
LIAM: I light my hand on fire.
MARISHA: Okay.
LAURA: Why didn't you just light your hands on
fire instead of putting it in bread?
LIAM: I would've burned the bread and then I
couldn't eat it. It's simple.
LAURA: It's toast. It's actually really tasty.
LIAM: Well, I don't have-- the control is a little
tricky sometimes.
LAURA: Little off.
LIAM: Sometimes.
LAURA: Open the curtains up!
MARISHA: Did we get a good view?
MATT: You get a decent view. It's not terribly
high up, but you get to look down over the street
below you, the cobblestones still slick and the
rain pattering on the stonework. You see the
fences that curl around the exterior of the
terrace. The treetops are now more visible and the
canopy is puffing up behind the larger estates and
buildings that make up the interior of the
Tri-Spires. You have a pretty decent view of the
Zauber Spire from here. You see it domes towards
the very peak. There is a glass, cylindrical, top
floor that overlooks the entirety of the city.
Make a perception check.
MARISHA: Okay.
Natural 19. Plus three so 22.
MATT: Not too difficult for you to see, even
through the bit of rain that's up there, but at
the very top where you see the glass exterior, you
see the outline of two figures that are standing,
looking over the entire city from up there.
MARISHA: At the top of the Zauber Spire?
MATT: Yeah, Zauber Spire.
LIAM: Zauber. Like sour.
MARISHA: What do they look like? Are they wearing
any colors?
MATT: You can't make out the full details of them
from this distance, but you can see the basic
shape and outline of two figures looking out.
LAURA: I'm dancing around the room while you're
looking.
MATT: Jester's just darting around.
LAURA: Literally dancing around.
LIAM: What are you looking at? You're squinting.
MARISHA: Just looking. Just, you know, people
watching.
LIAM: Where are there people?
MARISHA: These two assholes up there on the top of
the Zauber Spire.
LIAM, MARISHA, and LAURA: Zauber.
LAURA: I crawl under the bed.
MARISHA: Hey, the whole Cerberus Assembly thing.
Do you know much about them?
LIAM: I mean, if you are in the empire you've
heard of the Cerberus Assembly, ja.
MARISHA: Yeah, no. I know. We're both empire kids,
right? More so than the rest of the Nein?
LIAM: Ja.
MARISHA: What do you think about the empire?
About the crown?
LIAM: It is what it is.
MARISHA: Okay. I think it's kind of bullshitty.
LIAM: Well, that is also true, but it also is what
it is. It's the empire.
LAURA: What makes it bullshitty?
MATT: You hear Jester say from underneath the
bed.
LIAM: Where are you? What are you doing down
there?
LAURA: I was seeing if anybody left anything good
under here.
LIAM: And?
LAURA: Did anybody leave anything good under the
bed?
MATT: No. Actually, it's pretty well-cleaned and
maintained underneath there.
LAURA: It's pretty well-cleaned though, so nothing
is here that's good. Not even any bugs or anything.
MARISHA: I don't know, look at this. Look at how
much money is up here compared to elsewhere. This
is a lot of control.
LIAM: Yeah. What are you going to do about it?
MARISHA: (laughs) (sighs)
LAURA: Are you going to do something, Beau? I
stick my head out. Are you planning a rebellion?
MARISHA: No. I just want to make a ton of money
and drink a lot of booze.
LAURA: Okay!
LIAM: Insight check.
One.
(laughter)
LIAM: Thanks, Pike.
LAURA: I believe you.
LIAM: We're going to hit the bars tonight.
MARISHA: I think best we can do is try and be
happy in, as you said, this shitty situation that
we've all been granted.
LIAM: Nationwide, yeah.
MARISHA: Yeah. Anyway, should we go?
LIAM: Should we go or--?
LAURA: Oh, sure. I crawl out from under the bed.
Caleb? I got you a present.
LIAM: Did you? You bought that book?
LAURA: I bought you history porn!
LIAM: You bought me that book? That is so
expensive for this book. This is just smut.
LAURA: Well, technically, you gave me the money
for it. Is it useful?
LIAM: I don't know. I don't read things like
this.
MARISHA: Mind if I take a look at it?
LIAM: Yeah, you have it.
MARISHA: I'm going to flip through it. Does
anything catch my eye based on what I know?
MATT: I mean, do you want to sit and read it, like
full? If you skim through it, you see pages, like
some of it smutty, some of it seems boring.
LIAM: You know, the thing is, places like that are
like yard sales. 99% of the time, there is nothing
but broken crap. But once, and I pat the book in
one of my holsters, I found something.
LAURA: Is that the one I drew the dick in?
LIAM: Did you draw the dick on the Friends spell?
You did it? That's the one.
LAURA: Yes!
LIAM: Yeah I found that in a porn shop.
LAURA: Really? Are there pawn shops here?
LIAM: Porn.
LAURA: A porn shop?
LIAM: Yeah. Hidden.
MARISHA: You know, this reminds me of the stuff
that I used to read back in school.
LAURA: You read porn in school?
MARISHA: No, like all the history stuff. It feels
like a bored monk wrote this. A real bored monk.
MATT: If you want to take the time to read it,
either now or another time, I can give you more
information, but scanning through, you don't see
anything that catches your eye.
MARISHA: I might read it later when you're done
reading it.
LIAM: You go first. Give me your review.
MARISHA: Really?
LIAM: Yeah. Have at it.
LAURA: Caleb doesn't want it.
MARISHA: It's a great gift. Honestly, I was
thinking about buying it and then you beat me to
it. Great minds, right?
LAURA: There you go. It was a present for you all
along. Well, I wish I would have known. I would
have bought you that other shitty book you
bought.
LIAM: I appreciate the gesture, because it is the
thought that counts. It's the gesture, Jester.
LAURA: That's my name.
LIAM: But seriously, thank you.
LAURA: You're welcome.
MARISHA: What's this book called? Does it have a
name?
MATT: Yes. It is called--
LIAM: A Tale of Two Titties.
MATT: No. Courting of the Crick.
LAURA, MATT, and MARISHA: Courting of the Crick.
TRAVIS: Good luck adding that shit.
MARISHA: I know. Yeah, I'm not going to be able to
type that in. I'll write that down.
MATT: You've bought baked goods, you've bought
smut, and you've played in a hotel room. What do
you guys want to do now?
LAURA: I guess we can go back then.
LIAM: There's a casino. You want to go to the
casino? I don't want to go there.
LAURA: Are there any religious temples here?
MATT: You'd have to ask around. Make an
investigation check.
LAURA: That's shit. Six.
MATT: You have a hard time finding somebody who
can give you any information. Most folks, a couple
of individuals you stop go like, "Oh I don't know
about religion (scoffs)," and walk away.
Seems to be less of an interest
in conversing with you.
MARISHA: You see why I left this town? Ugh,
people.
MATT: No luck on that, unfortunately.
LAURA: What about in the Pillow Trove? Do they
have a little library there?
MATT: They do not. It seems that they're not
providing anything simply to read. You'd probably
have to bring in your own or purchase them from
the local Chastity's Nook.
LAURA: Okay.
LIAM: This neighborhood makes me a little edgy to
be honest. I'm done. But I will go with you if you
want to go somewhere.
LAURA: No, I think I'm good.
LIAM: Shall we go?
MARISHA: Good when you all are good.
LAURA: (singing) Let's go back to the stinky part
of town.
MARISHA: (singing) Okay.
MATT: You guys meet up back at The Leaky Tap with
the rest of your party. You have already retrieved
your freshly transposed enchantment on your
breastplate. You guys gather once again in the
tavern to consolidate your plans for the day.
TRAVIS: Can I pull Molly aside? Hey, I wanted to
ask you. When you stopped Nott from rifling
through my shit last night, what was she looking
for?
TALIESIN: I didn't think to ask. Honestly.
TRAVIS: She wasn't grabbing for anything in
particular?
TALIESIN: Not that I remember.
TRAVIS: She going through your stuff too or just
mine?
TALIESIN: Oh god, no, not my stuff. That'd be
ridiculous. My stuff's worthless.
TRAVIS: Just can't help herself, I guess.
TALIESIN: Well, you know. Some people have needs.
It happens. Just keep an eye on your things and
make sure you always know how much money is in
your purse.
TRAVIS: Fair enough.
MATT: At this point, it's early afternoon. Is
there anything you wish to do with your day? Any
place you wish to go? Anybody you wish to talk to?
What do you want to do?
LIAM: You know, I'm a little tuckered. I'm going
to take a rest upstairs. I'm going to copy that
last spell into my book. I'll see you guys in a
little bit, maybe around dinner time.
MATT: Do you guys hang around until he's ready?
LAURA: I guess I can go check out one of the
temples.
TRAVIS: I'm going to wander around the back side
of The Leaky Tap.
MARISHA: Before you leave, real quick, Beau asks
you if you found any information out while you
were on your journey.
TRAVIS: I didn't. Actually, I happened to ask
Pumat Sols, the plural, and he happens to be like
an annex shop of the Cerberus Assembly.
MARISHA: Really? I'm with it.
TRAVIS: So he supplies goods to all parts of the
kingdom, but he says they keep a good balance in
check from the power of the empire. Keeps a tight
leash. I didn't ask about any religious uprising
or anything, but he seems like such a nice guy and
doesn't seem the type to rat.
MARISHA: Right. Interesting. We went to the fancy
end of town where I'm pretty sure everyone is
super into the crown because they are all funded
by the crown and they are the crown, so I was like
eh, probably a bad place to start asking political
questions.
TRAVIS: Nobody stopped you? You got in all right?
MARISHA: We did, yeah! Went to a smut shop.
TRAVIS: Oh good. How'd that go?
MARISHA: As to be expected. Smutty. What should we
do?
TRAVIS: Well I was just thinking, for this
evening, maybe we should double-check there aren't
alternate exits coming in and out of that cellar.
MARISHA: Yeah, in case it's a trap or something.
TRAVIS: Yeah, that dwarf didn't really give me a
very good feeling.
MARISHA: Also, we know that people are looking for
these type of rebels. If we can see a board
ratting people out, so can other people. We don't
want to get caught in a sting operation, for lack
of a better term.
TRAVIS: Right. You want to walk around the back to
see if there's another way in?
MARISHA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Can we go around the back of the tavern
and look for back doors, floor latches?
MATT: Sure. Do you guys want to make separate
investigation checks or does one of you want to
help the other?
TRAVIS: I'll help you make it.
MATT: So you get advantage on your investigation
check.
MARISHA: Big money! Are you fucking serious?
TRAVIS: Which ones did you roll?
MARISHA: Wait, they're both threes. I rolled two
threes. Both threes.
TRAVIS: With the plus.
MARISHA: Four, so seven.
MATT: You spend a while looking around the back of
the tavern. There is a back entrance that leads
into the kitchen. There is a cellar entrance.
You're not sure if it goes to the same place where
you met or a separate subterranean space, but it
is currently locked off, chained.
TRAVIS: Locked off, chained? Does this alley have
a lot of human traffic or are we on our own?
MATT: No, you guys are on your own at the moment.
MARISHA: Can you try and pick this?
TRAVIS: I mean, I have a crowbar.
MARISHA: Oh my god. I'm going to stand watch in
the opening of the alley. I'm going to make sure
while he does this.
TRAVIS: Yeah. I have a crowbar.
MATT: So you're going to go ahead and pry the
chain off of it?
TRAVIS: Can I try and pop the lock? Is it like a
chain and a lock?
MATT: Yeah it's a chain and a lock.
TRAVIS: Oh shit. That's not as good.
MARISHA: We could get Nott in here to try and pick
it. Just leave it nicely looked like it's not opened.
TRAVIS: Yeah, that's true. That is what she does.
You want to go snag her? I'll keep an eye.
MARISHA: Yeah. I'll be right back. Nott!
SAM: (gnawing) What?
MARISHA: I hate to interrupt your dinner. Can we
borrow you for a quick second?
SAM: (swallowing) Mm-hmm.
MATT: You get led outside in the soft drizzled
exterior into the alleyway, feet clomping through
the muddy floor. They show you to the outside of
an angled door that leads to a basement cellar
that is currently chained with a lock in the
center of it.
MARISHA: Can you pick this?
SAM: Can I pick that lock?
MARISHA: Yeah.
SAM: Keep a lookout.
TRAVIS: I do a quick look. Both ends of the alleys
and on the windows around the area.
MARISHA: Yeah. He takes one end; I take the
other.
MATT: Perception check from each of you guys and
make a check with your thieves' tools.
MARISHA: Jesus fucking ballsacks.
SAM: (tink)
TRAVIS: Mine's okay. 16.
MARISHA: Seven again.
SAM: One. It's magically enchanted. It's
magically-- Ah! My eyes! Ah! It's magically
enchanted!
TRAVIS: Shh! I cover her mouth.
SAM: Are my thieves' tools broken?
MATT: Pretty bent.
MARISHA: Oh that sucks. Oh I have thieves' tools!
Can I try?
SAM: Give them to me!
MARISHA: I give Nott my thieves' tools.
MATT: Which is good, because your thieves' tools,
currently, are not very good. You're down one set.
You can try again. You don't see anybody currently
heading down or near the alley at the moment.
TRAVIS: No windows?
MATT: No. There aren't any windows in the back of
the building, since there are small vents for
kitchen smoke to filter out, but there's no
windows looking out into the alley.
TRAVIS: No windows facing that way.
SAM: Better. What do I add?
MATT: You add your proficiency bonus and your
dexterity.
SAM: 21.
MATT: 21.
SAM: These tools are so much better than mine.
MARISHA: Yeah, I stole them off of a really rich
guy.
MATT: The lock comes straight off.
SAM: Can I hang on to them for--
MARISHA: Yeah.
SAM: You can have mine. Actually you can't, I'd
like to keep them.
MARISHA: You'll just owe me later, how about
that?
SAM: Sure.
MATT: Pull the lock of the chains, open the
cellar and look down. It's dark. There's no light
source in there.
TRAVIS: I have my orc--
MARISHA: I put on the goggles.
TRAVIS: Go for it, yeah. Might as well use that.
MATT: You head down. It is a second cellar. It is
not the same cellar you guys have met with before.
MARISHA: It's not the same cellar.
MATT: No, this one can only be reached from the
exterior.
MARISHA: There's no entrances? No secret
entrances? No trap doors hiding behind barrels?
MATT: Make an investigation check.
MARISHA: Don't fuck this up this time, come on.
MATT: You have--
TRAVIS: That's cocked.
MATT: You have disadvantage on this because there
is no light source.
MARISHA: It's cocked on a 20.
LIAM: Yeah, it's cocked.
SAM: He said disadvantage.
MARISHA: What?
MATT: Because there's no light in there. So even
though you have darkvision, it's still dim light.
MARISHA: Well. Okay. What am I doing?
Investigation? 11.
MATT: You don't see any other passageways. No
hidden doors or anything. In fact, this one's
fairly empty. There's a few barrels in here and
some small crates, but a lot has been moved out of
here, either because it was recently used or it
hasn't been restocked.
MARISHA: Any good bottles of wine or brews laying
around?
SAM: Yeah, I'm going to search around for valuable
shit.
MATT: Go for it. You find, not a bottle of wine,
but you find a couple of heavy jugs of some sort
of an older ale.
SAM: 23.
MATT: 23? Okay, you glance around, you find a few
odd copper pieces that are in the dust. You do
find a set of metal bracelets.
SAM: Connected to each other?
MATT: No. They're separate. But you do see they're
currently resting around a skeletal wrist.
MARISHA: There's a skeleton down here?
SAM: Is it a human size skeleton?
MATT: It is a human size skeleton. It's been here
for a long time.
SAM: (stuttering) Dead guy. Dead guy.
MARISHA: Did they not clean when they bought this
place?
SAM: This was some sort of a dungeon.
TRAVIS: I come down at the mention of a skeletal
wrist. Are there any other bodies in this cellar?
MARISHA: Yeah.
MATT: That's the only one you find.
MARISHA: Hang on, no one's around, right?
MATT: Not at the moment, no.
MARISHA: I'm going to pull out my adventurer's kit
and light a torch, because fuck this darkvision shit.
MATT: So you get a torch situated. It lights up,
the room's brighter.
MARISHA: No one knows we're down here, right? The
door's closed.
TRAVIS: Well, I'm going to leave because we're all
three down here and go back up to the top and keep
an eye.
MATT: Okay.
MARISHA: Okay. Do we see anything else weird? More
dead bodies, anything like that?
MATT: No more dead bodies. Even this one you find
is mostly like it was stuffed behind some of the
barrels.
SAM: Can I tell how it died?
MATT: You can make a medicine check.
SAM: Not good. Five.
MATT: No idea.
SAM: Died of a broken heart.
MATT: It's just a skeleton.
SAM: No clothes?
MATT: There is some elements of cloth on there but
it's been down here long enough to decompose to a
mostly skeletal state. So it was probably here a
long time ago, and it was pressed up into this
corner and barrels were pushed up against it to
keep it out of sight. Probably the reason it
hasn't been found until now.
SAM: Okay. Nothing to see.
MARISHA: That's really gross.
TRAVIS: No other ways in or out, huh?
MARISHA: Yeah, anything else now that I have the
light on? I don't see anything?
MATT: No.
MARISHA: Shit. (long sigh) I take one of those
bottles of beer, then I leave.
MATT: Okay. It's somewhat cloudy when you shake
it, but still full.
TRAVIS: Close the door up, run the chain back
through, put the lock on it, but don't lock it.
MATT: Okay, cool.
Well. We're going to have to have a good, I don't
know, a good chain of eyes out as we're down there
tonight.
SAM: Do you want to establish some sort of, like,
if you get in trouble is there a way to alert us?
MARISHA: Frumpkin? I don't know.
TRAVIS: Not really, because if Caleb's going to be
down there with us-- I think, if we start
screaming or you hear a ruckus--
SAM: If I'm with you, I can cast Message and alert
our friends.
TRAVIS: See, down there I'm not so worried.
MARISHA and TRAVIS: It's about people coming in.
SAM: Oh, well then I'll stay out and I'll Message
you when--
MARISHA: Let's do that.
TRAVIS: Yeah, somebody outside The Leaky Tap,
another person on the inside to run interference,
because you can buy us a couple seconds.
MARISHA: You can Message Caleb.
SAM: I can Message any of you.
MARISHA: Or any of us.
TRAVIS: Yeah, couple layers, right?
MARISHA: Okay. Any other prep we should do?
TRAVIS: Nah.
MARISHA: Okay, let's do this.
MATT: We still have a few hours until sundown. Do
you guys want to wait until the evening comes
about? You can.
MARISHA: Get food. I'll read some of my book.
MATT: So as you guys rest, the evening's light
eventually comes to a darkened sky, the storm
slowly begins to pass while the sky still remains
somewhat cloudy, the stars not visible. It appears
that the heavy waterfall from the air above has
come to a patter, to a halt. As you prep for the
tension of the evening's choices, we'll go ahead
and take a break. Be back here in just a moment, guys.
SAM: High action.
MATT: (laughing) This is some unique excursions
into the city today.
TRAVIS: I'm so happy.
MARISHA: Iva!
TRAVIS: I remember my 12 and 13-year-old
excursions into the back of the comic book store
with the 18 and up section. Oh man. "How old are
you kid?" "Pretty old."
LAURA: You probably got away with it. You looked
like you were 30 when you were 18.
MATT: Before we go to break, guys, it'll be our
Wyrmwood giveaway. This giveaway now is the cherry
deck box. Which is a nice wood style, you can look
inside, you get your fancy interior for your card
decks and other things you want to hide in there.
Ooh, it smells nice too. For this giveaway, go
into the Twitch chat, it has begun! Right now the
offer is only good for residents of the United
States and Canada, because laws. Excluding Quebec,
unfortunately. We're sorry, Quebec! For the
official rules, the link will be in chat. Tonight
the keyword is "unrest." U-N-R-E-S-T. So you can
enter that in the chat now. Enter it once only; if
you do it more than once, you'll be disqualified.
We'll come back with the winner here in a few
minutes. See you guys in a minute!
[break]
MATT: Welcome back, ladies and gentlemen.
TRAVIS: Yeah!
TALIESIN: That was a sniper shot.
MATT: Welcome back. First, before we dive back in
we have our winner of the evening, it is Areski14!
Congratulations.
TRAVIS: "A risky 14"?
MATT: Areski.
TRAVIS: Areski!
MATT: A-R-E-S-K-I 14, congratulations! We'll get
that to you ASAP. As you have taken the afternoon
to rest within The Leaky Tap tavern, and the
midnight meeting looming, what would you guys, if
anything, you want to do anything or do you want
to wait until the time transpires?
SAM: You guys want to go anywhere? Pumat told me
that the Hall of Erudition is really cool and has
some cool things in it if we wanted to check it
out. Or! We could go kill The Gentleman!
MARISHA: Go kill--
SAM: I don't know, is that what we're supposed to
do? Kill The Gentleman?
LAURA: I don't think we're going to kill him right
off the bat.
SAM: Kill him!
MARISHA: That feels a little premature.
TRAVIS: We don't even know who he is yet, right?
SAM: Well, we could introduce ourselves and then
kill him!
LAURA: He could have a whole infrastructure of
people supporting him and then they would come
after us.
SAM: All right.
MARISHA: I want to know who he is, though.
LAURA: Yeah.
MARISHA: Super interested to find out who this guy
is. I feel like we should deal with one thing--
I'm super focused on this current--
TRAVIS: I am too.
LAURA: I mean we could hang out in the lobby in
this bar, and I could watch every person that
comes inside. I could draw their picture and know
every single patron that's in here so that we have
something to turn into the guards when we rat
everybody out.
SAM: Ooh!
TALIESIN: That's a very good idea.
TRAVIS: Yeah, and I was thinking. So the three of
us are down in the meeting.
SAM: Who's going down?
TRAVIS: The three of us. Nott, if you could be
outside, letting us know if any crownsguard or
other surly types look like they're coming in to
raid the place, you send a Message, and then you
two run interference if they actually make it
inside the doors, in case we haven't made it out yet.
LAURA: Just be distracting!
TRAVIS: Yeah, whatever you do, buy us some time.
LAURA: We're good at that.
TALIESIN: We can be very distracting.
TRAVIS: I believe you.
MARISHA: Last thing we want is to take the fall
for these assholes, whoever they are.
TRAVIS: These Knights of Requital.
LAURA: We will hang out up here and just be weird.
MATT: You guys spend the remainder of the evening
waiting for this to transpire, some patrons come
in, some leave. You're reading through the book?
MARISHA: Read the book!
LAURA: Oh yeah, I have the "Tusk Love" too.
MARISHA: You go back and forth.
LAURA: I read it and I keep looking at Fjord
like-- and then go back and read it. I assume it's
about some sort of orc love.
MATT: It is, actually.
TRAVIS: (laughing) Damn it. Son of a bitch.
MATT: It deals with the union of half-orc and the
daughter of a traveling merchant as they meet on
the Amber Road up near Druvenlode. It goes into a
saucy union between the two, but they can't,
because what would the parents think? Yeah.
LAURA: What's the name of the half-orc?
MATT: Uh--
SAM: (laughing)
MATT: Oskar. With a K. Oskar.
TRAVIS: What you reading there, Jester?
LAURA: Nothing, Oskar. Don't worry about it.
(laughter)
MATT: Oh man. Beau, as you're reading through the
book, it's interesting. It begins to talk about
the conflict between the Julous Dominion and the
Dwendalian Empire.
MARISHA: Conflict between the Julous Dominion?
MATT: Yes, the Julous Dominion and the Dwendalian
Empire. You're uncertain-- Make a history check?
MARISHA: Dwendalian Emp.
That's good, 17.
MATT: It begins to name generals and figures
caught in this political conflict in the center.
Remembering back to your studies, these names
don't ring a bell. Either they're obscure or
fictional for the purposes of the story. However,
it does speak of a Crick assassin that had snuck
its way past the borders during the conflict, and
had attempted to take the life of a general named Theo.
MARISHA: Theo, okay.
SAM and MARISHA: Theo!
MATT: (as Bill Cosby) Rudy!
LIAM: Oh no.
MARISHA: Ruined forever.
MATT: Blame lots of Cosbys for that one. Sorry.
The failed assassination attempt led to the
capture of the assassin during, essentially, a
test of wits between the general and this assassin--
MARISHA: Okay, test of wits. Like, Dinner with
Andre style?
MATT: Kind of, yeah. The assassin's been captured,
removes the helmet, and behind is revealed to be--
MARISHA: The assassin removed his helmet?
MATT: The assassin's helmet was removed by the
general after being caught.
LAURA: That's the helmet we found in the
graveyard!
MATT: It's not very good smut, at least at this
point.
MARISHA: Wait, am I writing down smut right now?
TRAVIS, MATT, and LIAM: Yes.
TRAVIS: Of course you are. In size 38 font in your
fucking notebook.
MARISHA: Hang on. Are you going into how Theo and
the assassin had a thing?
MATT: Yes. We're getting there.
MARISHA: Okay, keep going. I'm into it, though.
This has to be important!
TRAVIS: Does it?
MARISHA: He's telling it to me!
SAM: Just listen! Just listen!
MATT: The assassin is revealed to be from the Kryn
Empire of Xhorhas, with dark blue-purple skin,
gray-white hair, and pointed ears of elvish
lineage.
MARISHA: Okay.
TRAVIS: No, leave it alone. Stop.
MARISHA: He's a dark elf, right? Or a drow?
MATT: She is. It's a female dark elf. The armor is
described to be chitinous, almost organic in its
design, though metal. You learn a little bit. It
goes into a discussion of the term "Crick." The
term "Crick" is actually a slur against the people
that come from the Xhorhasian side of Wildemount.
It's short for cricket because supposedly when the
Kryn armies charge into battle, there are designed
holes and tubes in the armor that sounds like a
flock of crickets rushing into battle.
TRAVIS: Sick.
MARISHA: That's cool.
It's meant as an intimidation tactic. It's this high-pitched
screaming cricket chirp that rushes in, so that's
where the term "Crick" comes from. It is used in a
derogatory fashion towards individuals who live
within the empire of Xhorhas and Kryn. The book
talks about them dueling wits, finding common
ground, and getting angry at each other and
murderous, then turns into this torrid love affair
in this very Anthony/Cleopatra feel to it. It's
very dry. It's an older book. It doesn't match
some of the imaginatory flair of some of the other
smut that you briefly perused as you were walking
in the bookstore earlier. You glean a little bit
of information, should this be accurate at all, of
some of the relationships or dynamics of the
empire and the Xhorhasian folk that live beyond
the border.
MARISHA: Would I be able to discern where the
assassin entered into the city?
MATT: No, it's not a detailed historical book.
MARISHA: It's not like, "by the third lamppost,
remove this brick." Okay, cool.
MATT: There we go.
MARISHA: This book sucks.
LIAM: How far in are you?
MARISHA: Halfway, maybe.
LIAM: How long have you been working on it?
MARISHA: Couple hours.
MATT: As the evening clocks in close to midnight
and the majority of the patrons begin to dwindle
and scatter into the night air, you watch as Ulog
enters quietly, gives a nod of knowing towards the
two of you, then, on his own, steps down into the
cellar. About ten minutes or so later, you watch
as Kara, the half-elf girl you had met before,
enters, gives you a glance, but doesn't
acknowledge anything, orders a drink, leans
against the wall, then eventually disappears down
into the cellar as well. Later on, you watch as
Dolan, the human you had spoke with, that seemed
to be the one spearheading this meeting before,
enters with another human male. They both look
back and forth, acknowledge you guys. The two of
them eventually splinter off to different sides of
the room, waiting. One, and a few minutes later,
the other down into the cellar area.
TRAVIS: Did we recognize the other human male that
he's with?
MATT: No.
TRAVIS: Does he seem to be armed, or shady, or
have lots of scars on his person?
MATT: Make a perception check.
TRAVIS: 13.
MATT: 13. Hard to tell at this distance. You
didn't see any visible or apparent scars or
anything that gave you a sense of shiftiness,
other than the careful demeanor. It didn't look to
be a face of a rugged soldier, by any means.
LAURA: Did it look like an undercover cop, trying
to blend in?
TALIESIN: How were his shoes?
MATT: Make an insight check.
TRAVIS: "How were his shoes."
TALIESIN: Like nice loafers?
LAURA: 20.
MATT: Seems nervous, but not in a way that
triggers your spider-sense, so to speak.
SAM: Are you guys still up top? Okay, I'm going to
go over to Fjord and say: You said that one of the
members of their group is named Dolan?
TRAVIS: That's right, yeah.
SAM: If it comes up, no big, could you find out
that guy's last name?
TRAVIS: Dolan's last name?
SAM: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Sure. Any reason why?
SAM: I know a guy named Dolan Taverski.
TRAVIS: Taverski?
SAM: I don't really know, Taverski. I don't know.
I've heard it. Just find out his last name!
TRAVIS: Sure. Is this guy from where you're from
or something? Old mate of yours?
SAM: No, just have something of his.
TRAVIS: Taverski. Would he know you if I was like,
"Hey, friend of ours named Nott--"
SAM: No, nope, would not know me.
TALIESIN: Insight check, watching this?
SAM: Natural 20.
TALIESIN: 16.
MATT: 16 total? You get no bead on the wild words
that are coming out of her mouth.
TALIESIN: What are-- no, never mind.
TRAVIS: I'll find out his last name. I'm sure he
won't mind.
SAM: I'll be up here. If I see anything
suspicious, I'm going to Message you.
TRAVIS: That's right. Crownsguard, rough-looking
types, people that are armed, right?
You keep a fucking swivel.
SAM: Don't worry, I'll keep an eye out. I'll be in
disguise. I'm going to cast Disguise Self on
myself, turning myself into a halfling with red
hair, green eyes, a hawkish nose, overalls,
thinning on top, too-big shoes.
TRAVIS: It's your best disguise yet.
SAM: Yeah?
TRAVIS: Nott? Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot it was you
for a minute.
SAM: Call me a code name.
TRAVIS: Oh. Tton.
SAM: Tton. Yes.
MARISHA: Yeah. Tton it is.
TRAVIS: Tton. Yeah.
T-Ton.
LIAM: The second T is silent.
SAM: I'm going to go outside and stand at the
front door.
LAURA: Should we be outside too? Or should we stay
inside?
SAM: No, you're supposed to stay inside. If I see
anyone coming, you distract them.
LAURA: How will we know if you see anyone coming?
SAM: I will tell you with my Message spell.
LAURA: Okay, you will Message us, and then you
will Message the others?
SAM: I don't know. I don't use it a lot.
LAURA: Can you do it twice?
SAM: I think I can do it twice. I can do it twice.
LAURA: Okay.
TALIESIN: Well, that'll work then.
LAURA: Then, we'll just hang out in here and have
some fun.
TALIESIN: Ah, yes.
TRAVIS: You ready?
MARISHA: Yeah. Let's do this.
TRAVIS: Let's see what they want to do.
MARISHA: Okay.
MATT: Who all is going down? It's you three?
TALIESIN: Table one.
TRAVIS: It's these three jackasses.
MARISHA: Table right.
MATT: So you guys keep watch.
As you descend into the cellar below, you
can see there's a table already set up with a few
chairs around. There are two oil lamps that are
turned low, and the four figures you saw enter are
all sitting around, waiting. As you begin to
descend, they give a knowing nod, and gesture to
please take a seat.
MARISHA: Is it just the four of them? No more?
MATT: Just the four of them.
MARISHA: Okay.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I'll take a seat.
MARISHA: Yeah, we sit. It's polite.
MATT: As you enter, Dolan, the one who was leading
before, sits up and goes, "I'm sorry-- what, um--?"
LIAM: Oh, I'm with my friends here, they've shared
a bit of what is gone on here and I'm sympathetic.
TRAVIS: We haven't said too much, but we thought
that he might be somebody you'd be interested in.
Very clever, has no love for the Empire.
MARISHA: A valuable asset. Good with... things.
TRAVIS: Thought we could let you decide for
yourself.
MATT: They look to each other. "Have a seat."
LIAM: Thank you.
TRAVIS: Caleb, this is Dolan. Dolan, this is
Caleb. Dolan, do you have a last name?
MATT: They glance about. "Dolan Thrym."
MARISHA: Thrym.
MATT: "This is Horris Thrym, my partner." The man
you saw enter earlier.
MARISHA: The human male?
MATT: Yes. "You know Kara and Ulog. What was your
name again, you said?"
LIAM: Caleb.
MATT: "Caleb. Thank you very much for meeting us.
LAURA: Is it just the four of them?
MATT: Just the four of them.
Ulog has been-- and please, take no offense, we're
just very careful-- keeping a very close eye on
your activities since we last met. Bit of a scare
as you entered the King's Hall, but I've heard
that you've done a bit of business, unrelated. He
speaks to your skill and we may have--" He looks
nervously over, and Horris leans forward and goes,
"We put two months into planning something, and it
requires certain skill sets. Ulog, if you'd like
to elaborate on this." The dwarf leans forward,
pulls one of the lanterns closer, so all your
faces brighten up just a bit. He turns the wick up
a bit. "So we've intercepted some documents to
Lord Sutan, one of the pretty faces and money
grabbers over there in the Tri-Spire. Very
politically connected. Apparently, he's been doing
some business with a lowlife who's known in the
more crown-based circles as one of those
arrest-on-sight types. We believe this individual
might be involved with The Myriad.
ALL: (whispering)
MATT: "We tried to bring this information
to the Lawmaster, Orentha,
as she is a friend of Dolan's. However, we were
intercepted by the High-Richter Prucine. She's
about as corrupt as you get in the structure here
in Zadash. She intercepted it, so that she
delivered the information. I've heard nothing
since. A couple of our members have been closely
watched by the Crownsguard ever since. So we
believe the High-Richter might be in on it. We've
decided if we can somehow turn Lord Sutan against
the High-Richter, and then expose them to the
Lawmaster, they'll either be arrested or ousted
from their positions. Which, one, would be victory
for those who don't want to live under the claws
of corruption in this city. And two, vacates the
position of High-Richter. While Horris' practice
may have been irrevocably damaged in the public
eye, Dolan is a respected member of the society
here. The locals at least. We believe that, if not
the High-Richter himself, perhaps another position
as things shift. It would behoove us--" Dolan puts
his hand up and says, "It would be helpful to have
at least one of us with an ear on the bead of the
inner circle of how law is distributed within
Zadash. While it is not my bailiwick, people seem
to trust me, and I think that's the most important
thing when taking an office. We've outlined a
means of doing so. This is where we may need your
help." Looks over to Kara, and the half-elf leans
forward, "All right then, so, the current plan is
to infiltrate the Lord Sutan's estate in the
Tri-Spire, steal a copy of his wax seal, and his
handwriting. After we forge a little of the
correspondence to this unsavory individual who he
was speaking to in this letter, we make a new one
that writes about an assassination of the
High-Richter, sealed, and signed by the Lord
Sutan. Then, we infiltrate the home of the
High-Richter, tear apart her living space, look
like it's been tousled and tossed, like someone
was seeking her while she was out for the night,
at a local ball, which she'll be one night from
here. Before she returns to find her place
destroyed, we take this letter that we found and
left it, hidden within her room. She finds the
letter, brings it to the Lawmaster--" At this
point, Ulog pipes in real fast, "Sorry,
misunderstood. She doesn't get the letter. We
deliver it ourselves to the Lawmaster. I don't
trust her to take it."
LAURA: (laughs) This is like us planning.
TALIESIN: Wow.
MATT: You get the sense that they're not the most
organized or experienced at this, but they're
trying their hand at doing something that changes,
hopefully, the status quo they're used to. "So, we
deliver the letter to the High-Richter, or the
Lawmaster. I prefer the High-Richter in front of
the Lawmaster, if we can get the two in the same
room, so there's no escape. We see her
anger-infused, then they begin to create turmoil.
Then, we expose them both, have them dropped or
arrested, leaving the vacant spot, and they're
out.
TRAVIS: Well, I have one question. This Lord
Sutan? What's to keep the High-Richter and the
Lawmaster from just going and snatching him up and
putting him in chains?
MATT: "Wait, from who?" Dolan puts his hand up and
says, "I'm sorry, reiterate that?"
TRAVIS: Yeah, well, we're going to forge this
letter from Lord Sutan, right? Saying that there's
an assassination attempt against the Richter. We
go to the Richter's place, we tossle it, then we
deliver a letter from Sutan, saying there was an
attempt of the Richter's life. So if I was the
Richter, and I went to the Lawmaster, I'd just go
disappear Lord Sutan. Your Richter will stay in
his seat, and you'll be short one Lord, if I'm not
mistaken.
MARISHA: Especially considering you said the
Richter was already pretty corrupted. Seems like
assassination attempts in reverse wouldn't be out
of her bailiwick.
MATT: "What do you suggest, then?"
MARISHA: Here's my question to Dolan, why do you
want-- Horris wants to be in the office?
MATT: No, Dolan is to be elevated. Horris is
taking a back seat.
TRAVIS: Horris, if you don't mind me asking, what
was your practice?
MATT: "I was a physician."
TRAVIS: As well.
MATT: "We had a practice together. One of us had
to take the fall. I accepted it myself. Dolan
couldn't-- Dolan has too much at stake."
MARISHA: Dolan, what makes you think that you can
beat the system that you would then be joining?
MATT: "Well, the system's too big for us to
deconstruct from the outside. At the very least, I
can hope to improve it from the inside. I know the
Lawmaster is a good woman. There are good people
in there. But if we can root out the cancers, the
tumors that threaten to make it what it is, and
what it could become, that's something. We have to
try."
TRAVIS: I'm not shy of a conscience. I'm afraid
I'd need to know a little bit more about this
High-Richter Prucine. Hopefully, he's a terrible
individual.
MATT: "She. And yes. She has been responsible--"
Ulog, at this point, you can see his fingers
gritting into the table. "She's the one who put my
wife in that blasted prison."
TRAVIS: I remember you saying that.
MARISHA: Yeah, sorry about that.
TRAVIS: I mean, I hate to say anything else
without seeing something for ourselves. You seem
to have a good plan for getting rid of Sutan, but
it seems you might need some further measures to
get rid of this Richter as well.
MATT: "We have been discussing that. If you have
any suggestions, please."
MARISHA: Well, you could do a lot with a seal from
a lord. A lot more than claiming an assassination
attempt. Just throwing it out there.
MATT: "Like?"
MARISHA: Literally anything else.
TRAVIS: Do you feel like the Empire, or the
Lawmaster, is onto your group? Your Knights of
Requital? Do they know your name?
LIAM: Yeah, you have already mentioned that some
of your people were followed and eyed.
MATT: "They don't, to my knowledge, know of the
group. Just some of the individuals."
LIAM: Which ones, specifically?
MATT: "Well, there is Themond, but he's left, and
has not gone to a meeting since he's started to be
followed. He was the one who delivered the letter
to the High-Richter. It was mainly-- nothing
directly related to our meetings and more just the
delivery of our intercepted letter."
TRAVIS: I have a proposal for you. Are you one
hundred percent sure that they haven't heard of
your name, Knights of Requital? How attached are
you to that name?
MATT: "Not. It wasn't something we chose, it just
emerged from our meetings."
TRAVIS: If you ever want someone to stop looking
for something-- they'll stop as soon as they know
that thing is gone, or dead. So how about we frame
High-Richter Prucine as the head of this Knights
of Requital and let the law handle it the way they
will. And we'll take care of Lord Sutan at the
same time.
MATT: They all look to each other, and back.
There's a little bit of a smile, curls across
Horris' face. He nods, "I think this is a pretty
sound step in the right direction."
TRAVIS: I hate to do away with a great name, but
you work with what you have.
MARISHA: It's an okay name.
TRAVIS: You could workshop it.
MARISHA: You could workshop it. There's always
more names.
MATT: "Do we leave evidence of correspondence in
the home of the High-Richter, then?"
TRAVIS: Do you have any secret symbols? Or stamps
or seals that you use for communication that we
could plant in the house, or the place of dwelling
of the High-Richter? A ring, a piece of jewelry?
MATT: "No. We've been very careful not to do that.
We could fabricate some."
MARISHA: There was also the notice on the King's
Hall looking for y'all. I don't know if you knew
that, by the way. I imagine a notice in one of
these people's houses might mean that they have
concern of being found.
TRAVIS: If we frame this the right way, it sure
would do a lot for your ambitions to become that
High-Richter, Dolan, if you were the ones to turn
in the evidence.
MARISHA: You could win twice.
MATT: Dolan pipes up, "I'm worried about turning
in evidence, because there's nothing that could
connect it to the spot. However, if we could plant
evidence in the estate of the High-Richter, and
convince the Lawmaster, I believe if we speak to
her, she would at least do an investigation.
They'd find this evidence in the home, in the
right place. That could be enough."
TRAVIS: I think it would be.
MARISHA: Now, the Lawmaster works under the
High-Richter, right?
MATT: "The Lawmaster works above the
High-Richter."
TRAVIS: Yeah. This will work.
MARISHA: Yeah.
MATT: You hear a (thump, hiss) as Ulog has pulled
the cork of a small bottle of ale that was sitting
there for a while, and begins to drink.
TRAVIS: Is her name Kara?
MARISHA: Kara, I think it's Kara.
TRAVIS: Kara, I like the enthusiasm you had about
your plan. What sort of skills could you bring to
this equation? Are you stealthy? Sneaky?
MATT: "Honestly, more of a thinker. Ulog,
however--" She points to the dwarf again, who has
finished drinking, "Yeah, I used to run with some
pretty shifty lot. Done a bit of burglary in my past."
MARISHA: I like that. Tell us about this Myriad, a
little bit. What is it exactly that you guys are
so nervous about with these people?
MATT: "We're not nervous about the Myriad, other
than the fact that the Myriad's a bunch of
fuckheads that steal, enslave, and push all sorts
of unsavory business. They're the mirror side to
the bullshit the Empire does. For all that, we
want to make sure that if we can connect any of
them to the Myriad, and Lord Sutan is definitely
connected: two birds, one stone. But then we have
to plant evidence in two."
TRAVIS: That can be done. We have other
associates, upstairs. We didn't want to encroach
too much on your space. We'd like time to confer
with them over the night, perhaps meet again
midday tomorrow. We should find a new spot,
though. Repetition is a recipe for disaster.
MATT: Dolan sits back. "It's a good point. Any
recommendations?"
TRAVIS: We're actually quite new. Maybe you could
provide one.
MATT: He thinks for a moment. Through his
paperwork.
TRAVIS: Consult your paperwork.
TALIESIN: Allow me to collect my additional
notes.
MATT: Shut up.
SAM: "Shut up."
MATT: "How about The Song and Supper Inn?"
TRAVIS: Song and Supper Inn?
MATT: "It's on the west side of the Interstead
Sprawl."
SAM: The "SAS."
TRAVIS: How far from here? How much time to
travel? Not far?
MATT: "Maybe 40 minutes on foot."
TRAVIS: Fair enough. Shall we call it just after
noon tomorrow?
MARISHA: What name should we be looking for?
MATT: They all look at each other. Kara leans
forward, "Let's say-- The Inquiry."
TRAVIS: The Inquiry. It's got a nice ring to it.
MATT: "Thank you. I appreciate that."
TRAVIS: Thank you for trusting us. I believe we
can make quite the impact with these movements.
MATT: Dolan nods and smiles. Looks to Horris,
looks to the other two. "Thank you. We've been
needing more than just angry voices of
half-enthused common folk. People of action are
hard to find that seem to have a trusted heart."
MARISHA: I'll give you one piece of advice, Dolan,
though. I would challenge you to think about this
for the night, think real long and hard, if you're
willing to jump into the ring. Some pretty
high-ranking asshole gladiators. Should probably
be willing to take a few licks. Shut up.
SAM: (whispers) "Asshole gladiators."
LAURA: "Taking a few licks."
TALIESIN: Should've picked up a copy.
I was trying to go "before you jump into the ring with
Muhammad Ali" type of thing, but Muhammad Ali isn't here.
TRAVIS: You gotta pull up. Pull up!
LAURA: Yeah, lick those gladiator assholes!
MATT: Dolan's stare goes a little distant as he
tries to fully comprehend the gravity of your
statement before slowly nodding.
TRAVIS: You see Fjord shift his weight.
MARISHA: You know, make sure you know what you're
getting into.
MATT: "I will."
MARISHA: Awful people.
MATT: "I will take that into consideration. Thank
you."
MARISHA: Powerful tricks. That's all.
MATT: "I appreciate that. And you, I guess as we
begin to put this together, what are your
specialties?"
LIAM: I dabble a bit in the arcane, nothing too
impressive, but a little more than nothing.
MATT: "Good. Very well then, tomorrow afternoon,
The Song & Supper."
TRAVIS: Would you like to exit first or should
we?
MATT: Ulog leans forward a bit and goes, "After
you."
TRAVIS: Much obliged. I head out.
LIAM: I'll go along with Fjord.
MATT: Make a perception check.
SAM: 17.
MATT: No strange behavior, there doesn't seem to
be any business or activity towards the back or
the alley. Nothing that catches your eye to be
suspicious or encroaching upon the meeting below.
SAM: Everything's okay!
TRAVIS: Wow, louder than I thought it would be.
Thank you, Nott.
SAM: You can reply to this message.
TRAVIS: Yeah, thank you for keeping an eye out.
Would you like to join us inside?
SAM: I can't reply.
TRAVIS: Nott? Would you like to-- Hello?
SAM: Six seconds. Yes! You can reply to this
message!
MATT: You all regather in the center of The Leaky
Tap tavern.
TALIESIN: You come from being touched by some kind
of primordial chaos magic, something powerful,
strange, creative, and bizarre. You've recently
had everything turned upside down--
LAURA: I really have!
TALIESIN: And have started a new path. The path
you are walking is not the one you were expecting.
It's not the one you're going to find. It's true!
You are walking towards some destiny.
LAURA: Does it say which one?
TALIESIN: Just not the one you're expecting.
LAURA: This is weird.
TALIESIN: I only did three cards.
LAURA: These are really, really, really good.
TALIESIN: Thank you.
LAURA: That's a good fortune.
SAM: Hello, strangers!
LAURA: You have a booger on the tip of your nose.
SAM: I'm just a traveling halfling!
LAURA: Oh! I just told a random person they had a
booger on the tip of their nose.
SAM: Yeah, I'm just a random person.
TALIESIN: To be fair, you would tell a random
person they have a booger on their nose.
LAURA: You're a random person with a really
familiar voice, though. You need to talk to Fjord,
and see if you can figure out how to sound different.
SAM: All right, all right.
TRAVIS: Thanks for keeping an eye out.
SAM: How did it go?
MARISHA: Crazy!
TRAVIS and MARISHA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Caleb, impressions?
LAURA: You were down there a really long time.
LIAM: What is the benefit for us?
TRAVIS: Well, my takeaway is that they want to
unseat some of the corrupted seats of power here
in the city. If that's true, if there is an abuse
of power, I'm all for removing those corrupted
seats and putting people of worth in their place.
I'm also not keen on taking the word of someone
else without getting some evidence of our own.
MARISHA: I agree. Who knows? We can't be replacing
someone corrupt with someone even worse.
LAURA: We should follow one of them.
MARISHA: Yeah, we don't know anything about this
Dolan, this Horris' motives, or their agenda.
TRAVIS: We don't. While we're following them,
perhaps we should try and find out what we can
about this-- Lean in closer. Closer. This
High-Richter Prucine.
LAURA: Have the ones downstairs already left?
TRAVIS: I don't know.
MATT: At this point, you see Ulog make his way up
and take a different table at the far corner. Then
slowly, over the next 15 or so minutes, the other
three exit the building.
SAM: Want me to follow them?
MARISHA: Should we go now?
SAM: I'm going!
LAURA: Wait, blessings!
SAM: Oh, thank you!
LIAM: I send Frumpkin after her.
MATT: Make a stealth check, please.
LAURA: It's like a dry skin. You got it!
SAM: Thanks.
TRAVIS: I couldn't see it.
LAURA: Stealth role. With advantage!
SAM: Stealth role? Okay, not good. Worse. 18.
MATT: Which one are you following? There's the
half elf--
SAM: Do I know any of their names?
MATT: There's two human men and then there is the
dwarf male.
MARISHA: We would have told you the two humans.
Two humans.
SAM: The two humans. Are they traveling together?
MATT: They are. You follow them for the next 20 or
so minutes before they come to a modest home. It's
in a little bit of disrepair especially in the
recent the recent storm; part of the roof is
sinking inward a little bit. They enter, close and
lock the door behind them. They glance through the
window and they have a heated conversation back
and forth. If you want to listen, then make a
perception check.
SAM: Sure.
LIAM: I have a hand on Beau's shoulder--
SAM: Nine.
EVERYONE: Nine!
MATT: It's going to be a thing forever.
TRAVIS: Yeah it should be every time. It's a rule.
MARISHA: House rule.
MATT: It's hard to hear. It's muffled; the wall's
thick. It's not an argument, more of a lot of
passionate conversation back and forth, some
aggressive counter points to some sort of
conversation. Eventually they both settle down
with a bottle of wine, and you glance through the
window. You see the one with the blond hair is
sobbing into his arms at a table, and--
SAM: This is a man?
MATT: They're both men. The other one has his arm
around the other and consoles him. Looking inside,
you see it's a lot of books across the wall, you
recognize there are some alchemical vials or other
things that similar-type glass containers that can
be utilized for that. Some dried roots are hanging
from the wall. A lot of them appear to be
medicinal in nature. After about 20 minutes or so
of watching this, nothing strange catches your
eye. It seems like two people winding down after a
stressful day.
LIAM: Are any of those books of an arcane nature,
because I'm also looking?
MATT: Make a perception roll for Frumpkin.
LIAM: I'm looking through Frumpkin. Very bad.
LAURA: She basically looks like a Pennywise, like
a teeny Pennywise peeking through their--
MARISHA: Yeah, just a clown.
MATT: Oh my god, it does!
LIAM: Just an eight.
MATT: It's too hard to see from the outside. You
can barely tell there are books there. The very
low light there is inside, you can't make out any
details.
SAM: Okay.
It's a single level house?
Nothing fancy about it?
MATT: Single level house, it might be two rooms.
No, it's not quite like impoverished, but it's
not--
SAM: Any papers? Any weapons visible?
MATT: You do see a heavy crook of some kind, like
a staff with a big heavy wooden knot at the end.
It can be used to defend oneself and also as a
walking stick. A shillelagh if you will. You can
see a general shortsword that is put on a belt
that is hung on a wall, but nothing in there that
is militarized.
SAM: Okay. All right.
I guess that's all I can glean from this.
I'll knock on the door, and then run away before
they can see.
MATT: Immediately inside you hear some rustling
and all the lights inside go out and it goes dark.
You run away.
SAM: Oh interesting.
MARISHA: Actually, that was pretty cool. You
learned something!
SAM: I'll go back and report to my friends. And
that's what I saw, Caleb, and the others of you
who are not my friends, I'll also tell. Just
kidding guys, I love you.
TRAVIS: You can drop that, uh--
SAM: This is who I am now. I'm sure it's run out
by now.
MATT: It lasts for an hour. It's probably run out
TRAVIS: You know what we also need? I want some
eyes on this High-Richter.
MARISHA: I agree.
TRAVIS: We should find out where she lives and how
she treats people, see if the stories are true.
LAURA: Maybe tomorrow morning we can go spy on her
house.
MARISHA: Yeah, maybe we can even split a team,
some people go and spy on the house, some people
maybe go to the stockade, talk to the people she's
locked up?
TRAVIS: Sure. We might need to find out where she
lives tonight, though.
MARISHA: I'm down for that.
TRAVIS: I should have asked, but I forgot.
MARISHA: Well, is Ulog still sitting at the other
table?
MATT: At this point, he's probably left. It's been
about an hour since you returned.
LAURA: It's hard to find that out without seeming
suspicious, isn't it?
TRAVIS: No, the High-Richter is just an official.
LAURA: But isn't it weird to go, "Where does the
High-Richter live?"
TRAVIS: Not if you have official business with the
Richter.
LAURA: Oh, okay.
MARISHA: At this hour?
TRAVIS: It's very urgent business.
SAM: We could find out how the High-Richter treats
people by posing as people in need.
TRAVIS: Exactly what I was going to suggest.
MARISHA: Interesting.
LAURA: Let's disguise ourselves.
TRAVIS: Well, we don't need to, Caleb--
SAM: As clowns?
LAURA: Yeah!
LIAM: I'm sorry, I did not catch all of the
meeting that you went to the other night. Are they
paying anything? Are we doing this for altruistic
reasons?
TALIESIN: That is a very good question. I second
that question.
MARISHA: I don't do anything for altruistic
reasons.
TALIESIN: I've never done anything for free in my
entire life.
LIAM: So has anything been discussed in advance,
is all I'm asking.
MARISHA: Well, if this plan gets pulled off, and
we help Dolan get in that seat of the
High-Richter, than we suddenly have friends in
high places. And I love an owed favor.
TRAVIS: To answer Caleb's question, we kind of
forgot to discuss that part.
MATT: You did.
TRAVIS: We're new at this. We will address that
tomorrow, for sure, before we proceed any further.
You're right, there should be compensation.
LAURA: Do you want the rest of us to go tomorrow,
or do we still need to be look out?
TRAVIS: No, I think we should all go. They should
get a look at us as a whole, see who they're
dealing with, just in case there's any shady
shit.
LAURA: Should we look like ourselves or other
people?
TRAVIS: What would you like to look like?
LAURA: I don't care.
TRAVIS: It's at your discretion.
LAURA: Okay. I'll decide on the day.
TRAVIS: Anybody feel like finding out where this
High-Richter lives this evening?
SAM: Yeah! Yeah!
TRAVIS: Let's do it. How do we do that?
(laughing)
LAURA: Maybe we can ask the owner of here.
MARISHA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: That's a great idea.
MARISHA: Start there, why not?
TRAVIS: Jester.
LAURA: Yes?
TRAVIS: Charm him, ask.
LAURA: Okay, I'm going to go ask Claudia.
MATT: It is about 1:00, 1:30 in the morning
though.
LAURA: Oh, it's already that late.
MATT: You guys met around midnight. So you can go
try and wake up Claudia, if you'd like.
LAURA: Claudia's not awake?
MATT: Not at the moment.
TRAVIS: What about that big white dragonborn,
maybe he knows?
LAURA: Maybe the barkeep?
MATT: Wessek is there. Wessek is sitting back,
it's a very slow night.
LAURA: Hey, Wessek.
MATT: "Hello, little blue girl, what can I do for
you?"
LAURA: How's it going with you? It's really late.
MATT: "It is very late, and I'm sort of wondering
what you're bothering me with this late? I'm
curious."
LAURA: Well, I just remembered that I was supposed
to deliver a personal message to the High-Richter,
and I can't remember where they live. Do you
know?
MATT: "Sorry, I don't."
LAURA: Do you know what area of town it would be
in?
MATT: "I couldn't tell you. The High-Richter is
pretty, well, pretty high up there."
LAURA: Probably like the Tri-Spires or something.
MATT: "Most likely, or at least somewhere where
it's official. It's my guess."
LAURA: Okay, that was a fun conversation, goodbye.
MATT: "Goodbye!"
MARISHA: Is The Pillow Trove still open?
LAURA: The Pillow Trove is an inn, of course it's
open.
MARISHA: We can try and ask there, huh?
TALIESIN: Getting in would be a little tricky,
you'd have to get by the guards.
SAM: It's 1:00 in the morning.
TRAVIS: Yeah. Perhaps we should rest tonight and
plan this little needy-folk charade in the
morning. We can always take the sewers into the
Tri-Spires.
MARISHA: I know, that's what I was thinking.
LAURA: (yawning) We totally can.
LIAM: What did you say?
LAURA: I said we totally can do that.
TRAVIS: Caleb, you've mentioned you tried to get
into the Tri-Spires and you had a disguise on, and
it didn't--
LIAM: I did not have a--oh yeah. There is some
sort of wards on the gates there. It's something
I've done 100 times in small towns. I tried to
disguise myself, and there was nothing there, they
saw right through it, and
they were dicks about it.
TRAVIS: Do you think it was just in that passage
way or do you think it's the entire Tri-Spire area?
LAURA: I feel like that would be a really big
enchantment to put on the the entire thing.
LIAM: It is not the entire Tri-Spire, because--
TRAVIS: The entire Tri-Spire?
LIAM: No, not. Not Nott, it is not. I cased the
smut shop, I looked for arcane things there and
did not, well. But I was able to use my abilities.
TRAVIS: That'll be it. We use the sewers to get
in, disguise ourselves, avoid detection, find out
what we need to know.
TALIESIN: I can work with this plan.
LAURA: I like it.
TRAVIS: Shall we retire for the night?
MARISHA and SAM: Yes.
TRAVIS: I'll head up to my room first and I'll
pull Molly up with me, because I need to have a
word with him. Molly, listen. I can't get over the
fact that Nott was going through my stuff. I want
to set a little bit of a trap.
TALIESIN: Oh, you want to set some sort of trap or
example for her?
TRAVIS: Yeah. I just want to see if she's learned
her lesson or not.
TALIESIN: Sure.
TRAVIS: I'm going to put an object in the middle
of the room with our door open, and we're going to
hide out of sight. You game?
TALIESIN: This seems a little unfair.
Sure.
TRAVIS: Great. I'll use Minor Illusion to put in
the middle of the room a bundle of buttons with a
tall, shiny flask covered in jewels, right in the
middle of the room.
TALIESIN: Do we want to put down some ball
bearings? I've got a big bag of them.
TRAVIS: I mean, I guess so. Once she's in, we're
going to shut the door. I want to figure out what
the fuck she's sneaking around for.
TALIESIN: That'll do.
TRAVIS: Okay.
MATT: So both of you guys go and hide? Stealth
check from both of you.
TRAVIS: 16.
TALIESIN: 11.
MATT: You have a passive perception of--?
SAM: 12 or something? Right? Where is it?
LAURA: Probably 13.
MATT: No, passive perception I believe for you
is--
SAM: Ten.
LAURA: Really?
MATT: As you all go to bed, what are you doing?
MARISHA: Sleeping.
MATT: You guys go to sleep--
LIAM: Oh, wait, I knock on Jester and Beauregard's
door.
LAURA: (gasps) What is it that you want, knocking
on our door so late at night, Caleb?
MARISHA and TRAVIS: You've been reading too much
smut.
(laughter)
MARISHA: No more Oskar for you.
LAURA: What is it, Caleb?
SAM: (sultrily) I brought my tusk.
LIAM: You are turning in?
MARISHA: Should I not?
LIAM: No, by all means, but I have changed my
mind. I feel guilty for discarding the book that
you purchased for me and I was wondering if I
could read it tonight, but only if you are going
to bed.
MARISHA: Yeah, see what you can find. Have I
finished it? I haven't finished it.
MATT: You haven't finished it yet, but a little
over halfway.
LIAM: Okay. I'm going to read it before bed. It
will take me about an hour. Good night.
LAURA: (cackles) I think he was bragging at you.
Good night, Caleb!
MARISHA: I'll give it to him, it's fine. He needs
a little self confidence, a little encouragement?
MATT: Okay, you go read it. Nott, what are you
doing?
SAM: I feel the urge to go sneak into a room.
TRAVIS: It's just an open door with a bunch of
buttons and a flask in it.
SAM: It's not even locked?
MATT: No.
SAM: Oh, well, I'll push it open and look inside.
What do I see?
MATT: It's empty, it's dark, except for you see
this-- Actually, make a-- Let me check one thing
on this. Just to see how this works in this
circumstance.
MARISHA: Lot of great shirts in the store. Great
shirts.
MATT: Make an investigation check.
SAM: I mean, what is this? What is this roll?
LAURA: That is majorly cocked.
SAM: Okay, good.
SAM and LAURA: (groan)
LAURA: You should have taken the cocked.
SAM: Seven.
MATT: There you see a shining bag of glittering
coin and buttons spilling out of the top of this
small satchel.
SAM: Why would this even be here? And a flask on
top? Wow! Do I see Fjord's belongings over near
his bed?
MATT: Yes, you do.
SAM: I'm going over there.
TRAVIS: As soon as she comes in the door, the door
slams shut. Molly, get the window!
TALIESIN: Right!
SAM: I draw my hand crossbow!
TRAVIS: Nott--
SAM: Are you an imposter?!
TRAVIS: No. We are going to have a talk. Don't try
any funny business. Why are you trying to sneak
through our stuff?
SAM: I would never do that to a friend!
TRAVIS: Molly told me! Molly told me you were in
here rifling through my stuff.
SAM: I was hungry. There's a definite explanation
for this.
TRAVIS: What were you looking for?
SAM: Seafood. You must have some on you; you're of
the sea. I love shrimp, and I never get a chance
to get any, we're so landlocked in here. I love
the taste of the sea!
TRAVIS: Do I believe her?
MATT: You can go ahead and make an insight check.
TRAVIS: Natural 20.
SAM: I was not looking for shrimp.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: Nott, dear? Why don't you tell the nice
man the truth? Devil's Tongue.
SAM: Oh! What is that? What does that do? What is
that?
MATT: I need you to make a wisdom saving throw.
TRAVIS: That's why I brought you in here.
SAM: Wisdom? Ten.
MATT: You are charmed by Mollymauk.
SAM: What does that mean?
MATT: Meaning, you're very friendly and amiable,
and take his advice and suggestions like a very
dear friend.
TALIESIN: Probably should just tell him what you
were really looking for.
SAM: I was looking for your letter to the Soltryce
Academy.
TRAVIS: My letter? But, Nott, why?
SAM: (whispering) I want it.
TALIESIN: What for? It's fine, no one's in
trouble.
SAM: I want to give it to Caleb.
TRAVIS: Well, why? What would Caleb do with it?
SAM: What you would do with it. Study, learn
magic, become more powerful.
TRAVIS: You wouldn't want me to have that sort of
ability, you'd rather Caleb have it?
SAM: I don't know a lot about magic, but I know he
has the potential to be very powerful.
TRAVIS: You do?
SAM: And I need him to be.
TRAVIS: Why, Nott? Why do you need him to be
powerful?
SAM: So he can save me.
TALIESIN: I mean, we can help save you, that's
what friends do. Any of us who get more powerful
can help you.
TRAVIS: Nott, what do you need to be saved from?
SAM: (sighs) So much. So much. But mainly, there's
a lot of dangers in the world, and a lot of
dangers for me, and especially the closer we get
to the north? I think? They don't like me up
there. He can protect me.
TALIESIN: I think we can all do that.
TRAVIS: Absolutely.
SAM: No. No, you can't.
TRAVIS: (clears throat) Nott, I hope you will
learn to trust us and rely on us like you do
Caleb. We may not be as powerful as he is, or has
the ability to become, but certainly we can help
you. Are you worried about something or someone in
particular finding you?
SAM: Maybe. Yes, there's a few people that I'm
worried about, but no one specific where we're
going. I know that people are always trying to get
me, and (stammering) I wish-- I need his magic to
be there for me when I need safety. I need him. I
need him to live.
TRAVIS: I understand. I'm sorry if we've upset
you.
SAM: No, you're cool for some reason right now.
TALIESIN: We're all friends.
TRAVIS: Not for some reason, I'm just cool in
general, Nott. I'm just cool in general, Nott.
SAM: So cool.
TRAVIS: This shit is amazing.
TALIESIN: It's not going to last, you do know
that. It's not going to last.
TRAVIS: Just for now, though.
TALIESIN: Well, enjoy it while you have it.
TRAVIS: Promise me that you will not go through my
things anymore when I'm not around, and that the
items that I have belong to me?
SAM: Will you give me the letter? I could change
your name on it to his name, and then he could use
it to get into the school, and he could learn more
powerful magic and then he could change me.
TRAVIS: Change you?
SAM: He could change this.
TRAVIS: (clears throat) I understand. I know what
it feels like to be ashamed or worried about what
you look like. I do.
SAM: But you're pretty handsome for a half-monster
thing. (whispering) I think Jester likes you.
TRAVIS: You think so?
SAM: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Well, I didn't always look like this.
SAM: What?
TRAVIS: I wasn't always a handsome half-monster
thing.
SAM: What did you use to be?
TRAVIS: A kid, just like anyone else.
SAM: Still a monster thing, though.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
SAM: Oh. Just a less handsome one.
TRAVIS: Yeah. Stumpy, short. Big teeth.
SAM: Were you a fat kid?
TRAVIS: Little bit. Just sort of mis-proportioned.
Listen, if we get to the--
SAM: Do you have any pictures or--?
(laughter)
TRAVIS: If my MySpace is still up, you could see
them. Goes back a tick.
SAM: Did you ever have braces or anything?
TRAVIS: Nope. No, I did my own dental work.
Listen, if we get to the Soltryce Academy and that
letter doesn't do me any good, I promise, you
could have it and we'll make sure Caleb has a
shot.
SAM: Will you promise to keep Caleb alive?
TRAVIS: Most definitely.
TALIESIN: We're going to try and keep both of you
alive.
SAM: All right.
TRAVIS: You look out for us, we'll look out for
you.
SAM: Can I ask you one favor?
TRAVIS: You cannot have my stuff.
SAM: All right. Never mind.
TALIESIN: Remember, Nott, that next time you try
and do this and if that letter goes missing again,
I can do this to you again. I give her just enough
of a knock on the head to break the spell.
MATT: Okay.
TRAVIS: Okay, easy! Easy! Open up the door! I open
the door and I slowly open it up like trying to
funnel a rat out of the room. Here you go.
Remember what we talked about.
SAM: I reach for the flask.
Fuck!
(laughter)
TRAVIS: I stick my foot out right when she runs
by.
MATT: Oh, man. Make an acrobatics check.
TRAVIS: You should be fine.
SAM: Acrobatics check? 12.
MATT: 12? That's enough. As you're darting
through, you see the foot go out, and you leap,
tumble, roll and make your way into the hallway
and escape back to your chambers.
TRAVIS: Man, that was more than I thought.
TALIESIN: That was very interesting.
TRAVIS: What do you make of all that?
TALIESIN: Oh, I don't know. People are strange.
Anyone who looks like us, you collect a few
interesting enemies on the way, even at her age.
TRAVIS: Are you praying over your swords tonight?
TALIESIN: Of course. Every night.
TRAVIS: All right. Can I join you?
TALIESIN: Sure.
TRAVIS: Great.
LIAM: Come on, I'm just putting up the thread,
come to bed. Come to bed.
SAM: Do you trust Fjord and Molly?
LIAM: No. No, I don't.
SAM: Me neither.
LIAM: (poof) Alarm.
LAURA: And then Oskar falls in love with her! And
he carries her across a field, and they love each
other so much!
MARISHA: That's so great.
LAURA: It's the most beautiful story, Beau!
MARISHA: Can we go to sleep, now?
LAURA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Yeah, the hard turn!
MATT: You guys all eventually find yourselves to
rest for the evening, awaking in the early
morning. The chilled morning air comes through.
The sky: still mostly gray, with patches of blue
that poke through. No rain, it's still a little
chilled. There's a bit of fog burning off by the
time you awaken and look out your room's window.
The morning is yours, what do you wish to do?
LIAM: I go to Jester and Beauregard's room and
say--
LAURA: (sultrily) Oh, you're back again already,
Caleb.
LIAM: Good morning, sleepy heads! I leave the book
leaning against the door.
TRAVIS: Killed it in one night. Damn.
MATT: All righty. The rest of you gather--
TRAVIS: Yep. Downstairs.
MATT: You have your morning breakfast.
MARISHA: Did you find anything good in this?
LIAM: Did I find anything good in it?
MATT: More reinforcing more of what was there.
Because a lot of the information about Xhorhasian
society is still largely unknown or uncatalogued,
you get the sense the more you read, and the more
the perspectives of this assassin's left across
the way, you're uncertain as to how accurate any
of it is-- but it talks of a torturous society of
bloodshed and beasts, a-- I got an eyelash in my
eye, that's great.
TRAVIS: Oh, that's the worst.
MATT: There we go. Okay, we're good. Talking of
this terrible life of endless wastes of
carnivorous and cannibalistic creatures and that
the Crick nation being this terrible place of
perpetual inner turmoil, and vying for the next
position of power. The assassin that falls into
this relationship falls into it as perspective of
being saved, of being taken from this terrible
place and brought into the good graces of this
General, and brought into the comforting realm of
the Empire. However, upon being discovered, ends
up being captured, tried, and killed. The last
part of the book deals with the General going
through his own grief and the process, but also
understanding it never could be, and was probably
for the best. You're left with a unsatisfied meh
feeling at the end of it all.
TRAVIS: Would you call it a blue balls feeling?
MATT: Kind of.
LIAM: There was a lot more historical fiction in
it than actual pornographic content, I was
surprised.
MARISHA: It doesn't really ultimately matter, but
I feel like that was like a toxic relationship. I
didn't really feel like the assassin and Theo
should have-- I mean, he led to her death. That
kind of sucks.
LIAM: Feels like it's weighing on you. It's
amazing what a good book can do, it gets its grips
into you.
SAM: Are we a book club now?
TRAVIS: Morning, Nott.
SAM: Yeah, morning.
LAURA: What's wrong? Did you guys get into a
fight?
TALIESIN: Nott is just upset because she was
trying to do a little reading last night as well.
MARISHA: Did you get a book?
SAM: Not exactly.
LAURA: Here, Nott. You can read this now.
SAM: Which is this one?
LAURA: That's the Tusk Love.
SAM: All right!
(laughter)
TRAVIS: So we set out our plan. Sewers. Make
ourselves look like poor folk. Make our way into
the Tri-Spire.
LAURA: Not poor folk, rich folk.
SAM: Oh wait, no, but we're seeking help of the
Richter.
LAURA: It doesn't matter, we can't be poor folk in
the Tri-Spire. We need to be rich folk that need
help from the Richter.
SAM: Okay, that's fine.
LIAM: Yeah, because if we come out looking like
rats, then out we will go.
SAM: Upper middle class? Lower middle class?
TRAVIS: Upper middle.
LAURA: Very high middle if not low upper.
TRAVIS: Medium well?
SAM: We're a family that is down on our luck,
because--?
LAURA: Like a warm, pink center.
SAM: What's our cover story? What's the ruse here?
We need help from the government because bandits
have taken over our house?
LAURA: Yes! Oh! Yes, how about we have a trading
company! How about some of our wares got stolen on
the road on the way to Zadash by a group of
bandits?
SAM: Oh! We know things, why don't we pose as like
Trostenwald brewers or something and our brew
shipment-- I'm spitballing-- got stolen by someone
and we need help to get it back!
TRAVIS: Do we know if the High-Richters normally
rule on or govern over?
LIAM: Yeah, I was going to ask if the two empire
kids know about that position.
MATT: You know that the High-Richter is the
associate judge to the Lawmaster. The Lawmaster
oversees very high profile judgments, and then
anything that falls below anything high-profile.
MARISHA: Circuit judge.
MATT: Circuit judge, is what the High-Richter is.
Things go through the High-Richter first before
they go to the Lawmaster. They gauge what is
important enough for the Lawmaster and what
remains in their circle, which is why you can see
the frustration with anything that they try to
bring forth that may have been incriminating to an
ally of the High-Richter could be easily caught in
that net and not brought upward.
MARISHA: I have this inventory sheet that I got
from the Baumbauchs, we could use this as claims
that it got stolen. And hope for reimbursement.
SAM: Stolen by someone in the government?
TRAVIS: Or stolen by the Baumbauchs? I mean, if we
do something that a family within the Tri-Spire
needed representation, the law upheld, but the
Richter turned an eye because a more powerful
family was winning out, then that person is shit.
MARISHA: This is like an order invoice that I
have, right?
MATT: The order ledger or you mean the letter?
MARISHA: No, the order ledger.
TRAVIS: From the brewery, that we took in session
zero.
MATT: Right, you're not talking about the letter
from Baumbauch from the Gentleman, right?
MARISHA: No, but in that I have an order ledger?
MATT: Yes, there is.
MARISHA: So we could claim that he never paid due
and we are looking for some sort of representation
to try and get our money from the Baumbauchs?
TALIESIN: I didn't understand any of that.
LAURA: I have a forgery kit, you guys!
SAM: What are we forging?
TRAVIS: I don't know if he would hold sway, but if
he doesn't pursue justice, for someone of the
Tri-Spire, that should tell us enough. The
Baumbauchs are very influential and powerful.
LIAM: Yes, that's true.
LAURA: We could change the name of the Baumbauchs
to something else.
SAM: We could be the Baumbauchs.
TRAVIS: What do you think, Molly?
TALIESIN: I honestly don't understand any of
this.
MARISHA: Does it say on the ledger the company
that it came from? Does it say like from Dryer
Supply and Co.?
TALIESIN: What accent was that?
LAUREN: Dwarven.
MARISHA: Me! Me being an asshole.
MATT: The Timalt Store House.
MARISHA: The Timalt Store House.
MATT: Correct.
TRAVIS: Doesn't Timalt make hardware?
MARISHA: So it can be from the Timalts.
SAM: The Baumbauchs stole our stuff?
MARISHA: They never paid due on the order that we
sent them.
SAM: Do we even know the Baumbauchs are here?
MARISHA: No, they're in Trostenwald.
SAM: Why would we be claiming something here? We
need to be claiming from a family that's here.
MARISHA: Timalt is from here, right?
MATT: Timalts are in Zadash.
MARISHA: They are in Zadash. They made a
shipment.
TRAVIS: If the High-Richter doesn't say, "You're
right, this is injustice, let's take it to the
Lawmaster," then that Richter sucks.
LIAM: She could be a lazy ass.
MARISHA: Regardless, it's just a story so we can
get a bead on her, right?
LIAM: Sure.
LAURA: What if we say, "We're from the Timalt
Company, they never paid our invoice, and they
stole our puppies!"
MARISHA: That's not bad.
TRAVIS: Puppy crime.
LAURA: That's how we would know that it was a bad
guy. Okay.
TRAVIS: So they stole from our invoice and they
took all our Saint Bernard puppies.
LAURA: Yes, and it is very sad.
TRAVIS: Okay.
MARISHA: What time is it?
MATT: It's mid-morning. 10:00.
TRAVIS: What time, exactly, of the day?
MATT: 10:13 a.m.
LIAM: Caleb said.
MARISHA: Is it early enough to where, on my way
there, I can pick up my custom coat?
MATT: Yeah, you can do that.
MARISHA: Okay.
TALIESIN: Especially since it just rained, so the
sewer will be really damp.
TRAVIS: Oh, god!
MARISHA: Are we trying to go through the sewer?
TRAVIS: Yeah, we have to.
LAURA: To get all of us through.
TRAVIS: Well, let's pick up your cloak and make
our way.
TALIESIN: Do we still have the writ, or is the
writ gone?
MATT: The writ was retrieved.
TALIESIN: Never mind, that's fine.
MARISHA: We can still find the back sewer entrance,
have Nott pop the lock, and we know how to go.
TRAVIS: Why didn't we try to forge a writ,
damn it?
LAURA: Who all can make disguises for themselves?
TALIESIN: Oh! I can figure it out.
MARISHA: With my coat, kind of-ish?
LAURA: You can cover up your face, at least.
MATT: Mmkay, so you guys make your way back to the
same sewer entrance where you originally embarked
below. There are two crownsguard in the vicinity,
they're keeping watch of that intersection, just
like they were last time. They haven't noticed
your approach yet, but they are keeping an eye.
MARISHA: We're going to have to distract them.
TRAVIS: I could have one of them beat the shit out
of the other one.
TALIESIN: Oh!
LAURA: Why?
TRAVIS: Let's do that. I cast Crown of Madness on
one of the guards.
TALIESIN: That's not going to go poorly.
MARISHA: Yes! So into this!
MATT: Okay!
TRAVIS: Hopefully from an area where they don't
see me casting it.
MATT: Make a stealth check.
TRAVIS: Oh no!
LAURA: Blessing of the Trickster! Advantage!
TRAVIS: 14!
MATT: All righty.
TRAVIS: Oh, I have advantage? Nah.
TALIESIN: 14!
MATT: As you hide off on the side, you focus and
then concentrate on one of the two crownsguard. As
the magic begins to slowly filter around the
outside of the face, the brief little motes of
shadow begin to be plucked from the space and
gather around the outside of its head.
Unknowingly-- what's your spell DC? That's a ten.
It's higher than ten, I'm pretty sure.
TRAVIS: Yes, it is! 14.
MATT: All of a sudden, the guard (grunts) and
you watch as these motes fit faintly around the
outside, like this floating crown on the top of
the head. You force him to attack the other?
TRAVIS: Kick his ass, sea bass.
MATT: The guard (grunts) grabs his blade, runs
forward. The other guard is like, "Hey, what--
oh!" (screams) Pulls his shield up. "What's going
on?! David, what the fuck are you doing?!"
TRAVIS: Nott! Quick, let the lock on the sewer
thing, let's go!
SAM: Oh, I'm doing something?
LAURA: No, we don't have to, it's not locked.
SAM: What are we doing?
TRAVIS: I thought it was locked!
LIAM: Let's find out!
MATT: It's going to make another save. It's a two,
it's still holding.
MARISHA: Is the sewer locked?
MATT: The gate? It is locked.
SAM: Okay, then I'll pick it!
MATT: Everyone's attention right now is directly
on this as one crownsguard is attacking the other.
SAM: What am I doing?
MATT: It's plus six.
SAM: Seven. No, nine.
MATT: Nine. It's not coming off, it's not
opening!
SAM: Break it!
MATT: He attacks the other guard, he's screaming,
"Get help!" No, it's an 11. What's your spell DC?
TRAVIS: 14!
LAURA: I try to break the gate, I try to pull the
gate! I'm trying to pull it open.
MATT: Make a strength check. Roll a d20, add your
strength modifier.
LAURA: Oh, 17!
MATT: (ping) You actually break it with your bare
hands, leaving an opening.
LAURA: Go, go, go!
TRAVIS: Everybody in!
MATT: There's a scream starting to happen, you
guys start running in, one after another. Guard
gets one more saving throw. 13, what's your--?
TRAVIS: 14!
MATT: 14?! Shit! The other guard is now wrestling
him to the ground, and he's trying to hold him to
the ground. "What the fuck?!" You hear screams
going off around now this ruckus is gathering in
the center as people are starting to yell. You can
hear in the distance other crownsguard yelling and
starting to gather in the middle of this chaos as
you all get down in the sewer, and pull it shut.
MARISHA: That was awesome!
TRAVIS: Yeah, I might've fucked that thing up.
LAURA: Keep going!
LIAM: We're going to be quiet in the sewers
because there's things down here.
LAURA: Oh yeah, avoid all the rat balloons!
LIAM: They were everywhere the last time.
MATT: You hear all the ruckus up there, echoing
down inside and other footsteps coming through and
you hear this guy going, "I am so sorry, I don't
know what was happening! Ow, that hurts! I don't
know what's--" and you hear he's being held to the
ground now, and people are shouting and, oh man.
MARISHA: Ooh, that guy is definitely arrested.
MATT: That guy's going to have a bad day!
TRAVIS: He might get demoted, a couple day's pay.
LIAM: He is going to be about 12 inches shorter.
TRAVIS: No, come on!
MATT: Go ahead and make a stealth check, guys.
All of you guys make a stealth check.
LAURA: You still have the blessing. Does anybody
else need a blessing?
MARISHA: We're all rolling stealth?
TRAVIS: Ten.
TALIESIN: Ten.
LAURA: Seven.
SAM: 22.
LIAM: 20.
MARISHA: 22.
MATT: Okay. At a mass majority, you do slip around
the same area where you had the original
confrontation, you do see some more of those rats
scattered about, but you manage to quickly dart
by. In a few moments, you hear a (hiss) turn as
they notice something, but they go in the
direction, as you go in to move past. Some of them
shift in where you were but no longer where you
are. The blind rats are going by the sound and
being misled a bit, so you manage to maneuver
around without any immediate conflict. Eventually,
you make your way back to where those webs were
situated before the phase spider's little domain
there at the edge. Still in tatters, untouched from
where you left it. You head back to the rung and
you can see the entranceway into the Tri-Spire District.
TRAVIS: Did not think about what to do once we got
into this part of the plan.
SAM: We need to disguise ourselves.
TRAVIS: Right, yeah.
SAM: Then we go up there and then find out where
the Richter lives and then pitch our really
ill-thought out plan to them. This is going to be
great.
TRAVIS: Yeah! I cast Disguise Self. Very long
black cloak with gold trim, like a nice trim
goatee and slicked back jet black hair. Piercing
blue eyes, nice looking human.
MARISHA: Can I take the brown side of my newly
purchased reversible coat, take out my Brewer's
Kit that I have, and take a few of the bottles and
fashion them to my waist a little bit?
SAM: Disguise Self. Same exact thing as Fjord,
except longer hair, shorter mustache.
MATT: Perfect!
TRAVIS: Cloak, gold trim?
SAM: Yeah, everything. Shorter, but female, just a
little outline for the mustache.
MATT: You're like the pallbearer to the undertaker
of Fjord.
TRAVIS: Great analogy!
MATT: Thank you! Anybody else making any effort or
are you just doing your thing?
LAURA: I'm going to cast Disguise Self and I'm
going to be tan, short, elven woman in a royal
blue lace dress, very similar to the one the lady
was wearing, with the cut out. And soft medium
hair, pulled back in waves.
TALIESIN: I'm going to put the hood up and stay in
the back.
MATT: Okay.
LIAM: I make myself look like the male version of
the elven woman that Jester did in a similar high
collared clothing.
MATT: Perfect. This is great.
TRAVIS: Fated to do well.
SAM: We're a normal family!
MATT: The moment you climb up the top-- did you
leave it locked? Did you lock it behind you as
you--
SAM: I don't know, you tell me.
LAURA: No, we didn't. I don't think we did.
MATT: I think you left it unlocked. It wouldn't
have been a huge issue. You're not in danger.
We'll say you left it unlocked because you
intended to possibly use it again in the future.
You head back, push the two pipes, and you all
climb back into the alleyway. You are now in the
Tri-Spire district.
MARISHA: Awesome. Okay, let's ask around and find
where this Richter lives.
MATT: Walking around the city, you see a few
crownsguard wandering the streets, they
occasionally put a glance to not recognize you
wandering, but don't pay immediate attention. You
do see one gentleman, early 60s or so, who's
wearing this nice frilled shirt with heavy brass
buttons down the front with this potbelly that's
tucked in with a belt, breeches that go past the
knee before his boots hit, and he's walking in the
street, strutting a bit, looking up. He's the
first person you see that crosses your path that
looks like they probably know the vicinity.
SAM: Want me to go talk to him?
TRAVIS: Hello sir, excuse me.
MATT: "Yes, can I help you?"
TRAVIS: I'm sorry to bother you, we have business
with the High-Richter. Is there a chance that you
could point us in his direction-- her direction.
MATT: "Well, that is the High-Richter's estate. I
do not know if she is home. She may be at the
King's Hall."
TRAVIS: I really don't care, we're just delivering
a parcel.
MATT: "Very well. Let's see. Dayana's estate is
right around that way." He points. You see that he
has this thin, white John Waters mustache across
the top that turns into this light goatee right at
the tip of the chin. As he points over, you can
see, "Right on the outskirts of the Gilded
Willows-- that one." He points again.
TRAVIS: Wonderful, thank you for your time.
MATT: "It was my pleasure." He continues walking
on his way.
LAURA: I walk like him.
TRAVIS: Nott, your mustache is much nicer.
SAM: Thank you, honey.
TRAVIS: Do you know what a mime is? You just mime
this mission.
SAM: Okay. There's a fierce wind, I've got to--!
Oh no! I'm in a box! Oh no! The box is getting
smaller! Don't worry, I'll climb out!
LIAM: Nott, what Fjord is implying is-- you know
how I can make myself look like anything?
SAM: I'm not an idiot!
(laughter)
LIAM: Okay.
MATT: Approaching the homestead that was pointed
out by that gentleman earlier, the homestead is
surrounded by a seven-foot tall stone and mortar
wall that tightly crowds the perimeter. This is
only maybe a three-foot space between the wall and
the actual home. You see that the two-story home
is painted in a forest green color on the outside
of the wood and stone built structure. You can see
that there is a front archway to the door that
goes beyond the wall. There is a small gate.
Beyond that, there is the front door to the estate
where there is a stationed crownsguard.
LAURA: This looks really well fortified.
SAM: We're just going to walk up and ask for--
TRAVIS: Ask for an audience, yeah. Maybe if we say
that we were sent by the Lawmaster, for the
High-Richter to make a ruling.
SAM: Should we leave anyone out to be ready to
help if anything goes wrong?
TRAVIS: Good instinct, what do you think?
SAM: I don't know. Caleb, what do you think?
LIAM: Well, you're always good to have hidden away
in case something goes squirrely. So definitely
you. Maybe me as well.
SAM: Maybe.
LIAM: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Jester, I'd like you to come.
LAURA: I want to come. (with an accent) I want to
come.
TRAVIS: Nice. Molly, what do you want to do?
TALIESIN: I think I am a very reasonable personal
assistant to anyone who is trying to make a deal.
TRAVIS: Indeed. What would your name be in this
situation?
TALIESIN: Do we have to have names?
TRAVIS: I'm just trying to think ahead.
TALIESIN: Well, fine. Erikson.
TRAVIS: Lovely.
MARISHA: Lawrence is great. Worked for me before.
TRAVIS: Lawrence?
MARISHA: Actually, no. Let's do something else,
considering I already used Lawrence once.
SAM: It's just a fucking name, pick anything!
Sorry.
(laughter)
TALIESIN: Do you need a drink?
SAM: Yes, I do. I had a terrible night last
night.
LAURA: How about Marge?
MARISHA: Francis. Francis Titmalt-- Timalt, not
Titmalt.
TRAVIS: Are you staying out here with Nott, Caleb,
or are you going to come in? If we make it in.
LIAM: If you make it in? No, I'm going to stay
with Nott. I will be back-up. You're a good
talker. We don't need two good talkers.
SAM: What about the cat?
LIAM: Yeah. Oh, cat?
SAM: How will we know what's going on inside?
LAURA: They don't like cats here in the
Tri-Spire.
LIAM: I think that we're hidden away in case
things go bad with the crownsguard. After that
then they're on their own, I think.
TRAVIS: That's right. Wish us luck.
MARISHA: Let's go.
TRAVIS: I walk up to one of the two crownsguard
outside the door.
LAURA: I follow behind him.
MARISHA: Super official.
LIAM: Be careful, twinnie.
MATT: There is actually only one crownsguard at
the front door, behind the gate. As you approach,
arms crossed--
TRAVIS: "Yes, please, look lively, unfortunately
we've been sent here from the Lawmaster, we have
some very urgent business with High-Richter
Prucine. Please, if you wouldn't mind, would you
fetch her?"
MATT: Make a deception check.
TRAVIS: Natural 20.
MATT: Glad you fixed that. The guard goes, "Oh,
I-- Just a second," goes and opens the door,
leaning inside. "High-Richter, you have guests out
front." A voice goes, "Tell them to wait a moment."
LAURA: I like her already.
MATT: A moment passes. The crownsguard steps out
of the way and you see emerge from the doorway an
older female half-elf with dark red-purple hair
that is short on the sides and brushed to one
side, almost to a point. She has a gaunt, angular
appearance, and is in the process of putting on
ceremonial gold and white armor, similar to what
you had seen on the Herald of the Hall, but a more
elaborate design, and taken from the process of
buckling together a brace. She walks up and goes,
"All right, now who's here for their time with me?"
TRAVIS: Oh, High-Richter, it's so lovely to see
you again. I know it's been quite a while.
MATT: "I have no idea who you are."
TRAVIS: Brantley. We met-- must have been years ago
now. You remember the Gala.
MARISHA: I think it was a fundraiser, last time
you were up for election?
MATT: Make a deception check.
TRAVIS: Yeah! 14 plus four, 18.
MATT: "Yes, of course, I recall. It's been some
time. What brings you to the front of my homestead
in the middle of the day? I'm on my way to the
Hall."
TRAVIS: I understand. A bit of terrible business,
actually. Our family has been unfortunately at the
poor end of some corporate espionage, and I'm
afraid the Baumbauchs, isn't that who they are in
Trostenwald?
LAURA: Terrible evil, the Baumbauchs.
MARISHA: Especially that Demedan.
TRAVIS: Just a wretched fellow. They've made off
with quite a bit of our product, and we have some
evidence against them. We tried to take it to the
Lawmaster, of course, we didn't want to trouble
you, but--
MARISHA: She directed us here, we thought, well,
Dayana is just so sweet, she would of course help
us out.
TRAVIS: Absolutely.
MARISHA: Here is the invoice from the amount due
that they have not paid from the Timalt Store House.
TRAVIS: I'm sure justice will be swift, but
unfortunately, much of our family's finances are
wrapped up in this.
LAURA: And they took our puppies.
MATT: I would like both of you to make deception
checks, please.
LIAM: Caleb is turning the diamond over and over
in his hand like a fidget spinner, watching all of this.
TRAVIS: At least you have the diamond, right?
MARISHA: Oh my god, what should I roll? Give me
something good. That's not too bad. 15.
LAURA: Six.
MATT: She goes, "Puppies, I'm sure. Well,
Baumbauch is outside of the Zadash jurisdiction.
That is Trostenwald territory. I'm afraid that is
not something I would nor could handle if I wanted
to. If you wish to bring them to justice either
present your evidence to the lawmaster of
Trostenwald, or bring Baumbauch to me. Otherwise,
I have no interest."
TRAVIS: I'm sure you can understand our situation.
We have already done that exact thing! We wouldn't
waste your time with such rudimentary worries,
but–
MATT: "Then why are you wasting my time right
now?"
TRAVIS: Well, frankly, the Lawmaster in
Trostenwald seemed to show you very little respect
when we mentioned your name, and being that our
family is so influential around here, we're going
to be tossed to the wayside if justice isn't
found. Surely you understand that.
MARISHA: And, of course, we would happily pay you
for any type of additional services you might be
able to help us out with.
MATT: "Am I– step inside." The crownsguard step
inside and close the door behind. "Am I to
understand that you've come out here in broad
daylight to my estate in an attempt to bribe the
High-Richter of Zadash?"
TRAVIS: Was that what you said?
MARISHA: No, I don't think those were my words at
all. No.
TRAVIS: It was merely a few pennies for your
time.
LAURA: A favor for a favor!
TRAVIS: Yes, I mean certainly if you feel like
doing justice on its own– I would like to see
people taken care of that take care of us.
MATT: "So long as it's not a bribe. Favors we can
do."
TRAVIS: Well, of course!
MATT: "I'll see what's possible. I'll ask around.
I'll take these documents, if you don't mind, to
see what can be mustered."
MARISHA: And, of course, we are always willing to
repay in favors.
MATT: "Of course. There are all sides and types of
favors that can be helpful to the Crown and those
below."
LAURA: Also, what do you think of puppies?
MATT: "I think they're droll and must be fed to
their larger kin. So are we done here?"
TRAVIS: Yes, I believe we are. Thank you for your
time. We're most gracious.
MATT: "I'm certain it has been."
MARISHA: While he wraps it up, can I do a quick
glance over her table or over her desk to see if I
see any type of papers?
MATT: Well, this is on the front doorstep.
MARISHA: Oh, I thought she pulled us inside. I'm
sorry.
MATT: No, she pulled the crownsguard inside.
TRAVIS: But since we're inside of that seven-foot
wall: windows, doors, security measures, how many
floors?
MATT: From the immediate front position, there is
the door itself beyond the archway, two small
windows to each side of it, though it appears that
they're closed, and they're bisected with wooden
beams between.
TRAVIS: Shuttered? Wooden shuttered closed?
MATT: They are shuttered, yeah, from the inside.
You'd open them from the inside to bring in the
light, but they're currently closed. The second
floor above you do see one balcony. It's a bit
receded and there's a balcony that looks out over
it all with a second set of doors, but that is
currently closed.
MARISHA: Okay.
TALIESIN: While we're bowing on our way out, I'm
going to drop my waterskin and spill it.
MATT: Okay.
LAURA: Erikson!
TALIESIN: Oh! I'm so sorry, my lord.
LAURA: Every time! Every time!
TALIESIN: As I'm cleaning it up, I'm going to make
eye contact just briefly. What do I see?
I was curious what the reaction to this ridiculous
creature is spilling shit all over her front lawn.
That's all.
MATT: Oh, I got you. I follow you now.
TALIESIN: Yeah.
MATT: There is an immediate bit of a scowl and, "I
would also ask nicely if you'll stop bringing
these demon bloods onto my estate to be
ruining--"
MARISHA: That's what we were looking for this
whole time.
LAURA: Like the puppy thing wasn't enough? Come
on!
TRAVIS: I mean, they're kicking cats in this
bitch, so it's not that far off.
TALIESIN: A thousand apologies, my lord, I'll take
your sister and make sure she gets her medicine.
TRAVIS: You embarrass me!
LAURA: How dare you, Erickson!
TRAVIS: Please make sure she's beaten as you lead
her away. I apologize for his fuddy-duddyness.
MARISHA: It's hard to find good help these days.
TRAVIS: Thank you for your time. Good day.
MATT: She turns around wordlessly and goes inside
and slams the door.
MARISHA: Go, guys. Let's go.
TALIESIN: There's easy ways to find out if people
are terrible or not.
TRAVIS: Yeah, that was good. Well, we walk a fair
distance away from the crownsguard and we see
Caleb and little pallbearer.
SAM: Did, they-- oh. Hi, honey!
TRAVIS: Like a small Morticia Addams.
LAURA: With a mustache.
LIAM: So we've got it buttoned down.
SAM: Did she offer to kill a bunch of innocents or
anything?
TRAVIS: Well, I mean she said that dogs should be
fed to the larger ones.
LAURA: And she said that tieflings were terrible.
SAM: Okay, devil's advocate, here: I really don't
like dogs either.
LAURA: Yeah, but puppies, Nott, puppies.
SAM: Yeah, they make great food.
LAURA: Nott!
SAM: When you're out in the woods and that's all
that you have to eat, they have very tender meat!
And, to be fair, (whispering) Mollymauk is a
little bit of, I mean, I wouldn't trust him either.
TRAVIS: Right, but imagine if she had gotten her
eyes on you. I mean, don't know what she would
have done.
SAM: Well, that would make her the same as 95
percent of people in this city.
TRAVIS: But that means she's got to die.
SAM: Okay, that's true.
LIAM: We are not going bring this woman's life
down in a shambles because she is an asshole, I
mean, we are assholes. Ja? For different
reasons.
MARISHA: But we're assholes without power, though.
LIAM: Okay. And?
MARISHA: I don't know, it's less dangerous? I
don't know.
MATT: As you guys are having this conversation,
you notice that the streets themselves have long
silken streamers that are affixed from light pole
to light pole as part of the decoration along the
streets, but you see additional decorations being
put up. You see bunches of flowers being affixed
to the top of these poles, you can see more
streamers of multiple colors being placed around a
center courtyard, in one of the mid-areas of the
Silken Terrace.
TALIESIN: Must be some sort of harvest theme that
everything is going up.
LAURA: Yes.
MARISHA: It's that harvest fest. Remember, there's
another tournament and stuff that we can enter into.
TRAVIS: Is it just the Tri-Spire, or is it
everywhere?
MATT: Right now, it's just being put around the
Gilded Willows, which is a little ways further
away from the estate as you're heading back. You
can see decorations going up, tables being set, it
looks to be a small platform being risen. There's
some sort of event coming up fairly soon.
TALIESIN: I'm perfectly content making snap
judgements of people, I've been doing it all my
life and it's very rarely steered me wrong, and in
another time and another place, I'd be more than
happy to run something.
LIAM: Okay, so let me go over this, then. We have
no form of payment of any kind planned in advance.
We don't know if this woman has done anything
besides being a snide puppy-hater.
LAURA: She takes bribes. She's a corrupt
politician.
LIAM: I have personally bribed people, I don't
know that I would-- listen, I do not like the
government--I say this quietly--I do not like the
empire, but we're really sticking our neck out
with very dangerous people. I don't think we have
much to go on, I don't think we know how we're
going to be receiving recompense for this.
TALIESIN: There is going to have to be some coin,
of course.
TRAVIS: Certainly, your fears are founded. If
there's not enough pay, then obviously it's not
worth the risk. But I have to say, that even after
meeting them for the second time, I feel like
these people, they're good folks. I think they
just want to see their city bettered. Honestly,
that Dolan fellow I think would do better in a
seat of power than this current wench.
LIAM: Well, I am willing to discuss our continued
involvement, once the payment is figured out.
TRAVIS: I think that's fair.
MARISHA: I mean, look. People in power tend to get
corrupt, they don't start corrupt. In my opinion,
it doesn't matter who's sitting there, as long as
we get paid from it, who cares?
TRAVIS: And there's still many things to figure
out. We have to look after this Lord Sutan. But
first, we should see to that afternoon meeting,
about the coin. We should address that straight out.
LAURA: I guess we have to leave the Tri-Spire
then.
TRAVIS: Yeah, I guess we do. We're meeting them at
the Song & Supper Inn.
LAURA: What time?
TRAVIS: Just after noon.
LAURA: Just after noon? You didn't get an hour?
TRAVIS: I was not specific.
SAM: We don't have watches.
TALIESIN: 12:01. It's just after noon.
TRAVIS: Yeah. Don't make me say it.
LIAM: It's on all our minds. Unspoken.
TRAVIS: I'm trying not to.
TALIESIN: This place is giving me a rash.
MARISHA: Yeah, I guess let's head there, meet up
with these guys. It's probably about that time, yeah?
MATT: Yep. So you guys make your way, reversing
your steps, outside of the Tri-Spire, making your
way towards the western side of the Interstead
Sprawl, to the Song & Supper Inn.
LAURA: Before we leave, are there any benches
around, just sitting?
MATT: There are a few, yeah.
LAURA: I want to leave one of the pamphlets for
the Traveler sitting on a bench.
MATT: Okay, you sneakily slip it into a small gap,
so it's visible, but not liable to be blown away.
Perfect.
LAURA: Minus one.
MATT: As you guys make your way to the interior of
the inn, it is lively. It is the loudest,
musically, tavern, you've seen. You get the sense,
both by title, and by the interior, that this
essentially a perpetual an open mic night for any
musicians or bards who want to come and try out
their craft. There are three different bands that
are cycling through on the main, raised dais to
perform. The atmosphere is lively, and folks come
here for that. It's a poor tavern, comparatively.
The interior looks like a lot of the paint is
chipped and run or crinkled, the smell inside is
not the best, but it serves basic food, basic
drinks, and at least an atmosphere of music and
fun. Some folks sing along, and jump into a shanty
or two. As you come in, you can see both Ulog and
Dolan are currently sitting at a table across from
each other. As they notice you guys approach, they
raise a drink, and you can see the rest of the
table they have ready for you guys to come and sit.
LIAM: We have already dropped our disguises if
they recognized us.
TRAVIS: It took us 45 minutes to walk here.
MATT: Your spells would have run out by now.
MARISHA: Before we walk into the place, I turn my
coat inside out, back to the blue.
LAURA: Any guards in the tavern?
MATT: Not in the tavern, no. There was one
outside, but patrolling the streets. Not
everything is super heavily guarded in smaller
areas like this.
LAURA: Does it look like anybody is looking at us,
anybody else in the tavern?
MATT: Make a perception check.
SAM: Nice!
LAURA: Ooh! 22.
MATT: I mean, no more than anyone looks at you
when you enter a room, being a blue-skinned
tiefling. You don't get the sense that anyone is
casing you the entire time that you've been there.
MARISHA: It doesn't look like anyone followed us
in?
MATT: You don't notice anybody following you in,
no.
MARISHA: Okay.
MATT: You see Dolan and Ulog are there waiting at
the table, as you come and join with them. Does
everybody sit with them?
TALIESIN: I'm going to sit at another table and
listen in.
MARISHA: Fjord and I will go over.
TRAVIS: The rest of you are welcome.
SAM: You've met with them before, right?
LIAM: Yeah.
SAM: So you could go over.
LIAM: I could, yeah.
SAM: Let's go join them.
TALIESIN: Really, oh fine.
LIAM: Well, it has to happen eventually.
TRAVIS: Molly, keep an eye on the room.
MATT: You go with them to the table? Dolan gives you a
look. "And this is one of your associates?"
MARISHA: Is that a problem?
MATT: "No, I'd just like to ask your name."
LAURA: Tonya Fancybottom. Nice to meet you.
MATT: "Tonya? Pleasure. I'm Dolan, Dolan Thrym,
this is Ulog." He sits there, he's like, "Hey."
They both take a very long minute and look over
you.
MARISHA: Hey friend.
MATT: "I'm sorry, I'm just being careful."
LIAM: We're pretty ragtag, but they're both very
good at what they do.
LAURA: I'm blue.
MATT: "I can see that."
MARISHA: People like her make you uncomfortable?
MATT: "No."
MARISHA: You sure? What about people like him?
People like him make you uncomfortable?
MATT: "I mean only in the sense that they're fresh
faces."
MARISHA: All right, just checking.
TALIESIN: I'm giving a clear.
MATT: Ulog leans in, he's like, "I've watched them
a bit, they're all friends, it's fine." Dolan
goes, "All right."
TRAVIS: (whispers) We've got to look for that
motherfucker more often.
MARISHA: He's fucking everywhere. He's been
following us a lot. You said he was shifty, a
little criminal--
MATT: Dolan goes, "All right, so, we've been
looking for an opening, we've been trying to find
out. We thought it was tonight, but they've pushed
it back a day. There is a pre-harvest gala
happening in the Tri-Spire tomorrow night. We
figure this distraction would be enough to do any
of the quiet infiltrations that we're attempting
to accomplish, should you still be interested in
coming with us. I know there was hesitation, and I
don't want anyone to be coming into this that
doesn't feel comfortable. To be honest, I want to
be comfortable as well, and to know that we're
going to bed with the right people. Are there any
concerns? Any questions, worries?"
TRAVIS: Sure. We did some casing of the
High-Richter ourselves. She's not the most savory
type. I believe some of my associates have a
question of, well, the unsavory topic of payment.
MATT: "Right. I assumed that was probably going to
be a thing. Me and Horris pitched in together. We
don't have much, but this is too important to not.
Me and Horris put together about 115 gold between
the two of us." He puts a small thing on the
table, showing it. He's not putting it out in the
open because he doesn't want to be like "I have
all this money on the table!" He's like, "We have
some. Kara put in 53 gold of her own." Ulog leans
in and goes, "513 gold, 21 silver, 302 copper.
It's my life savings. I want to see these fuckers
burn."
MARISHA: Wait. 500 from his personal stash?
LIAM: Insight check on that statement.
MATT: Make an insight check.
LIAM: Balls. Total balls.
MATT: Total balls? Hard to read.
MARISHA: (whispers) Just under 700.
TRAVIS: That's about the same as the King's Hall,
yeah.
SAM: Caleb? This job doesn't involve monsters.
That's pretty good.
LIAM: Literally, no. Figuratively? Yes. The
biggest and the baddest, potentially.
LAURA: Would we be all going to this gala
together?
MATT: "We wouldn't be going to the gala. We would
be--"
MARISHA: Breaking in.
TALIESIN: During the gala.
LAURA: Oh, so no party.
TALIESIN: Party after.
MATT: "Party after."
TRAVIS: Would anyone of your group like to be
joining us? Kara or Ulog, yourself?
MATT: Ulog, still leaning forward, goes, "I'd like
to. I have the most at stake here, monetarily.
I've got skills I think will synergize well with
the ones you bring to the table. I'll be coming
with you."
TRAVIS: I tend to believe him just because we
haven't seen him.
LAURA: He's pretty stealthy.
MATT: Dolan goes, "Kara, her skills are more in
the interpersonal level, not so much infiltration.
And I'm just me, so I don't think I'd be of much
help."
LAURA: Do you have healing potions?
MATT: "Actually, yes. Not many. We have a few left
over. Horris should have a few more."
LAURA: Just in case we get hurt or something.
MATT: "I hope that isn't the case. Just in case,
all right. I'll have those sent. I'll send them
along with Ulog for you."
LAURA: Thank you.
MATT: "Of course."
TRAVIS: Did you happen to draft up any of those
Knights of Requital documents I asked for?
Symbols?
MATT: "Oh, yes." He pulls out a small piece of
parchment and discretely hands it to you under the
table. You feel it tap your knee. As you look
inside, it's a symbol that looks like an R, but
part of the R extends beyond to produce a K,
almost. It looks like a sigil or seal that
utilizes the title in it.
TRAVIS: That's actually nice work.
MARISHA: That is really nice. That's good.
TRAVIS: I hate to burn it, though.
MARISHA: You could do this, some graphic design.
TALIESIN: Did you procure this for us?
LAURA: He created them for us.
TALIESIN: That's impressive.
MATT: "I haven't used my art degree."
(laughter)
TALIESIN: Wow!
TRAVIS: Got Dolan drawing it.
LIAM: Too real.
MATT: "I have to ask you, because if we're all
going in on this, I have to be absolutely sure.
Are you coming with us on this? You can back out.
There's no shame in that, but we're not going to
go in this without your help as well. That would
be foolish."
TRAVIS: A moment for us to confer, if you don't
mind.
LIAM: We would like to discuss.
MATT: He stands up for a second and says, "Ulog,
drink?" "Sure." They both get up from the table
and walk over to the bar to get another round.
LAURA: I watch Ulog.
TALIESIN: I can probably get one of them the way I
did with Nott last night, if you like. Make sure
we're not walking into anything we don't want to
be.
TRAVIS: I don't get that impression, do you?
TALIESIN: No, I do not, but--
TRAVIS: Maybe not just yet.
TALIESIN: That's fine.
TRAVIS: I like the offer, though.
MARISHA: If anything, I feel bad. Feels like
they're investing a lot of money on this play.
TRAVIS: They'll get their return back if he's
High-Richter afterwards, though.
MARISHA: If he's High-Richter.
TALIESIN: And if he's not, then they don't have to
pay, because we obviously failed.
TRAVIS: We're just being paid to empty the seat,
not to put him in it.
MARISHA: Correct. It would be super unfortunate to
see someone else slide in there, other than him.
But like you said, not our problem.
TRAVIS: Nott, Caleb? I know you had reservations.
TALIESIN: It's a good pay day.
LIAM: I want to walk away very fast if this goes
wrong. My hackles are up. It does not feel as sure
a bet as other things that we have done together.
But okay.
SAM: If Caleb's in, I'm in.
TRAVIS: We'll see what kind of plan we can come up
with. We have a day.
SAM: Yasha?
TRAVIS: You hear thunder.
TALIESIN: I respect this squarely, but if you
really feel like this is turning, then we'll turn.
LIAM: But there's money involved, so there's
incentive.
MARISHA: We have a little bit of time. We can
still do a little bit of casing, maybe go talk to
the Gentleman and see what he has to offer in
between.
TRAVIS: We have a day, right?
MARISHA: Right? A day and a night?
MATT: Yeah. You have the rest of the day, the
evening, and tomorrow night is apparently the
Pre-Harvest Gala in the Tri-Spire.
TRAVIS: When we will strike! Jester, how do you
feel?
LAURA: I think it sounds fun! Sure, why not.
TRAVIS: Oh! okay.
SAM: Should we order up some puppies to celebrate?
Just kidding.
LAURA: I've never eaten a dog. I feel like I would
feel really weird about it.
SAM: Me neither.
TRAVIS: We can call them back over.
MATT: You see Dolan and Ulog are having their
drink at the bar. They walk up and sit down. "So
can we count on you?"
LIAM: One hundred percent.
TALIESIN: We're in.
LAURA: The Fancybottom name is one you can trust!
MATT: You see Ulog and Dolan share a look and nod.
A smile comes across Dolan's face. "Thank you. You
won't regret it! I suppose, prepare whatever
you'll need. We'll meet back in the cellar of The
Leaky Tap tomorrow at sundown, and we'll take it
from there." You can sense this excited
nervousness to his voice that wasn't there before
as he smiles.
LAURA: Do you have a good way to get into the
Tri-Spire?
MATT: "We have a few ideas."
LAURA: Okay.
MATT: "Til tomorrow, then!"
TRAVIS: Til tomorrow.
MATT: He gets up and finishes his drink and
buttons the top button of his shirt, and then
makes his way out. Ulog sits up, goes and takes
what swills at the bottom of Dolan's drink and
finishes it, then finishes his drink, pops it
down. "Til tomorrow." He gets up and leaves.
TALIESIN: Has anyone been watching us?
MATT: Perception check.
LIAM: He is hard to read.
TALIESIN: That's an eight.
LIAM: Level three, motherfucker.
MATT: You don't notice anybody paying attention.
LAURA: I feel like I would've been looking, too,
because I was watching for people at the beginning
of that.
MATT: The only thing you notice is that on the way
out, Dolan -- As he heads to the door, you see
Kara, the half-elf, was waiting at the door. As
soon as he heads over, she goes, "So?" They both
exit into the main thoroughfare.
TRAVIS: I actually like what Molly said. I feel
like tomorrow night, before we go, you should do
your thing on Ulog.
LAURA: I also have a spell that can make people
tell the truth.
TRAVIS: That would work great. I think they'd
understand, too. If we did it too early, I think
they-- cause you to cause suspicion. After all,
we're only trying to make sure that this isn't a
trap set for us.
LIAM: Which is possible.
TRAVIS: Make you feel better, if we had the
answer.
LIAM: Yeah. Most likely.
TRAVIS: What do we do this evening to prepare?
SAM: Get drunk?
TRAVIS: Well, I was thinking more along the lines
of checking out Lord Sutan.
SAM: Okay.
MARISHA: We got to go back to the Tri-Spire? Which
we can do.
LAURA: Or, no, we can just go to the hall of the
Hall of Justice.
(laughter)
LIAM: Meanwhile, at the Soltryce Academy.
SAM and LAURA: The King's Hall?
MARISHA: Is that where Lord Sutan is?
MATT: You don't know much about Lord Sutan. You
haven't heard his name referenced at all with any
of the--
TRAVIS: They just left and we forgot to ask where
the fuck he is! Twice! Can we run out after them?
MARISHA and TRAVIS: Wait wait wait!
MATT: Make a perception check.
TRAVIS: Oh god. Oh! 15.
MATT: 15? You glance through the crowd, and you
can just make out, it the distance, the back of
Ulog as he's walking down the street, about to
turn.
TRAVIS: One sec. (panting)
MATT: As you catch up, he glances over his
shoulder at the sound of the running, and he goes,
"What?"
TRAVIS: You dropped this money. (whispering) Where
do we find Lord Sutan?
MATT: "I don't fucking know. His estate? He's not
that far from where the gala's happening."
TRAVIS: Just take it and say thank you!
(whispering) Okay, don't worry about it.
(panting)
They don't know.
LAURA: But the Tri-Spire.
TRAVIS: Yeah.
MATT: He knows where he lives, that's it.
TRAVIS: They know where he lives.
MARISHA: In the Tri-Spire?
TRAVIS: In the Tri-Spire.
LIAM: So it's another dance through the sewer if
we want to do that tonight, which we could do.
TRAVIS: Yeah. Maybe that guard got his job back.
MARISHA: He respawned.
LIAM: Yeah, I think that ship has sailed, Fjord.
TRAVIS: I'm sure he's fine.
MARISHA: Okay, well at dawn, we plan?
LAURA: Yeah.
TRAVIS: Well, we got to figure out where the Lord
Sutan's estate is, get a wax seal, a writing,
forge his hand.
LAURA: We're going to do all that during the
gala?
SAM: Yeah.
MATT: That's all, supposedly, in one night.
TRAVIS: Fair enough.
Yeah, at dawn, we plan.
MARISHA: At dawn, we plan.
MATT: At dawn, we plan. And that's where we'll
pick up next week. Building up to--
SAM: There's so much build up.
MATT: I know. D&D, motherfucker. So we'll see
where this takes you guys next week, during the
Pre-Harvest Gala.
MARISHA: I think we're going to have to reignite
our planning thread.
TRAVIS: Yep!
MARISHA: It's time!
LIAM: Come up with one.
MARISHA: Yeah. Dust the cobwebs off of it.
LIAM: Actually come up with one.
MARISHA: It's good. We're going to go full Ocean's
Nein, you guys!
TRAVIS: We got Pumat Sol back, man! We need Pumat
every once and awhile.
MATT: You brought back Pumat, you bought D&D
smut.
TRAVIS: That's right!
MARISHA: And bear claws.
MATT: There you go! Bought some bear claws.
TALIESIN: I got a nifty necklace.
MATT: You did.
TALIESIN: It does cool things on D&D-- when I put
it on my character, it did really cool things. It
got a little picture.
MATT: Oh, that's cool!
TALIESIN: On D&D Beyond. That's nice.
MATT: Awesome. Well, we'll pick up for the ensuing
tension next week on Thursday. This weekend, we'll
see you guys who are planning to come down to
WonderCon for our panel, 11:30 in the morning, on
Sunday. Hopefully we'll see you guys there. Until
then, have a wonderful night, and is it Thursday
yet? Good night.
[music]